Let’s say hypothetically, there is a bomb threat inside an airport. And there is only 10 minutes remaining it will explode. Inside the building there are few whites, blacks and Asian/middle eastern descents. And one of them has the code to disarm the bomb. So what would law enforcement do in a situation like this? Conduct a random check? Or eliminate the best possibilities by checking the Middle Eastern people first? If there are statistics and reasons to believe that threat comes from a certain race, is it unlawful to profile them? If a white man goes on a killing spree then should we waste time checking black men? Same goes to blacks or any other race. Isn’t it simple and smart to stay on facts and statistics or waste time and money by trying to be politically right?
During this time, peaceful occupiers have been faced with continual harassment arrests, almost invariably on fabricated charges (“disorderly conduct,” “interfering with the conduct of a police officer”—the latter a charge that can be leveled, for instance, against those who try to twist out of the way when an officer is hitting them.) I have seen one protestor at Union Square arrested, by four officers using considerable force, for sitting on the ground to pet a dog; another, for wrapping a blanket around herself (neither were given warnings; but both behaviors were considered too close to “camping”); a third, an ex-Marine, for using obscene language on the Federal steps. Others were reportedly arrested on those same steps for singing a satirical version of the “Officer Krumpke” song from West Side Story. Almost no march goes by without one or two protestors, at least, being hurled against vehicles or have their heads bashed against the ground while being arrested for straying off the sidewalk. The message here is clear. Law has nothing to do with it. Anyone who engages in Occupy Wall Street-related activity should know they can be arrested, for virtually any reason, at any time.
Today I’ve been thinking about sentences and how to mangle them.
Hibiscus aguas fresca
Book-The Lost Hero
And if you missed LM's previous planning posts on CB, you can catch up right here:
Such is the confidence of Dojo Cuts with this material that they cover the recently departed Etta James’ 1968 soul anthem ‘I’d Rather Go Blind’ – and carry it off perfectly, with Ray delivering all the soul-preaching and testifying it needs. No mean feat.
N/A Certificate of appropriateness, if property in historic district;
So, slowly, slowly, I learnt that the best treatment for me was simplicity. No more, no less. Good, healthy food, cooked from scratch. No toxic chemicals, no pointless additives, not even thickeners if a reduction will do. No neon drinks or fizzy pop. No synthetic creams or juice "drinks". Add in a dose of sunshine and I feel zingy and alive. Sunshine, fresh air and simple, freshly cooked food.
Why not to watch: It’s a snuff film with a budget.
At least I can still count to ten, and wave hello with either hand.
Frank Zappa and the Mothers
After church I decided to wander over to the library and see if it's open on Sundays (it isn't), and on the way there I stopped at the Commonwealth Avenue mall. (Mall as in "long, narrow park", not "place where you drink an Orange Julius and wish you had money".)
#739 - Anatomy of a Murder (1959) - (#872 on TSPDT) Jimmy Stewart is one of those actors who never seem like they are acting. He is just smoothly natural with a homespun charm that covers up how sharp-witted and powerful of an actor he truly is. His performance in this Otto Preminger film is one of his finest, but such a great film as this - one of Preminger's finest as well - is already quite spectacular, even without Stewart. But yeah, he certainly makes it better. Many in the field of law have called this the most accurate look at a court trial ever put onto film, but more importantly, much more importantly (who wants truth when they can have the artifice of the most beautiful fraud in the world - yeah, I said it), is that Preminger has sewn together a succulent and quite devious motion picture experience, and one of the main contributing factors (along with Some Like it Hot and Psycho) to the eventual downfall of the Hays Code in Hollywood.
So now a short break in writing while I make coffee. 'Scuse me.
Small bar in a great city, after seeing the size of the brew house, I am surprised we got any bottled stock of this at all!
I recently saw an article on umpteen ways to avoid overwhelm. Just looking at that article made me feel overwhelmed! So, let’s do them one at a time. You can start to move forward today, and feel like you are doing SOMETHING to improve how you feel and where you are. If on the other hand, you are currently doing this practice, you can check it off your mental box, and feel GREAT.
Tra tutte le partecipanti al Challenge ne verrá estratta una con il sistema Random che riceverá in regalo questo Glitter Glue"Ice Sickles"
The show is a minefield of symbols -- Michelangelo, Picasso, Magic Eye books, Buddha, a crab, automotive repair advertising, and what may or may not be a fish head. Each of these could compel a witty exhibition, and I genuinely believe that that is what Johnson is trying to do, be as witty as he can while at the same time taking his thought and work in deeper directions. After all, humor often surprises with the quality of its critique. You would expect nothing less from a former student of Charles Ray. Artists like Tom Friedman and Ray do this very well in their work, and Johnson seemingly drew close to their respective practices in his first show.
Most American Colonists were English, so most Colonial homes are derived from English styles. The earliest were based on old medieval homes, easily identified by simple massing, a few small windows, and massive chimneys. The New England saltbox with its lower back roofline is a common adaptation of the medieval style; Dutch Colonials have similar massing but are distinguished by their distinctive gambrel roof style.
So, no, we don’t hate the rich. What we hate are the predators.
1 adjustments
IN SEPARATE BOWL, whisk together remaining dry ingredient
Jana Greene
HOSTED BY: – The Nature Conservancy – REI – Harrah’s Reno
people with serious debt problems. Here's why.
A recent study by California’s Research and Policy Center concluded that even residential solar in California could reach grid parity by 2015. This is because the falling price of solar panels and the increasing number of installers means that competition has driven down the cost per watt, to an estimated $5.25 per watt installed by 2015.
Fast forward to December 28, 2011 and I've been reading up on all of the recent ISKCON ( International Society for Krishna Consciousness) related news. Two or three times a year I'll check out the numerous web / blog sites and try and get a feel for the current issues that they are dealing with.The whole modern Hare Krishna movement was begun single handily by a 69 year old Indian reunciate preacher In a small Second Ave. N.Y.C. storefront in 1966. It slowly splintered apart almost from the day the founder of ISKCON, A.C.Bhaktivedanta Prabhupada, died in November of 1977. Before passing away he named eleven senior devotees to be in charge, but all too quickly there were various power struggles and conflicts that still haven't been totally resolved as of today. The late 1970's, and into the 1980's sadly had numerous cases of young children being sexually molested in the movement's school system, and many of the original eleven handpicked disciples that formed the Governing Body Commission (GBC) had either quit (" fell down" ), died, or been forced to resign over various sex, drugs, and money issues. ISKCON today is very vibrant in its native India, and has had varying degrees of success in finding new devotees in Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia. The U.S. temples have gradually changed from a proselytizing emphasis based on distributing Prabhupad's books, to one of retrenchment that now largely caters to the local Indian communities that are their major support group. The counter - culture in 1966 was ready to throw off all of the "Establishments" views including having a career focused life, with traditional Christian values and rituals. More than a few people decided to tune in, turn on, and drop out. But it wasn't all drugs that they were turning on to.
Given that SXSW attracts people with good ideas and real optimism, more isn’t necessarily worse. It’s simply tougher to navigate through the noise. (Yes, there’s an analogy to the internet here.)
Griffin and his “inner party” have continually expelled competent local organisers and succesful branches and promoted people not suited to their roles so that the party has never been able to function properly. It began almost as soon as he took over when he destroyed the very successful Burnley branch. The ludicrous election broadcast of 2005 wasted an opportunity to get a meaningful message to our peoplewhich featured Dave Hannam singing the sentimental tosh Corporal Fox. A song written by Griffin about homeless people. (4)
Oh you, thanks a million for sending me these pictures and for letting me share them with my readers. It's so generous of you!
A satay variant from Bali, a famous hunted destination. Unlike most varieties of satay, unfeigned is unreal from minced beef, tricky, fish, pork, or even turtle meat, which is in consequence mixed disguise grated coconut, thick coconut milk, lemon liquid, shallots, and pepper. Incision around bamboo, sugar cane or lemon grass sticks, live is for grilled on starless.
Ek skryf toe terug, met die volgende:
BLOODLINES covers some heavy ground by showing how life lessons, character development and unpaid debts are just a few struggles to overcome. The bond between the four main players, Sydney, Eddie, Adrian and Jill is forming and I can’t wait to see where their journey will lead. VAMPIRE ACADEMY fans will love this series.
Many critics have pointed to the ambiguity of the figure of the governess in Victorian fiction, caught between upstairs and downstairs, and John said he thought that this was pretty central to the ambiguities of this novel, and pushed here to a particular limit. With what seemed to him something of a plot manipulation (the governess not allowed to contact her employer), James forces her into extreme isolation, a situation in which she has no employer to talk to but cannot talk freely to the servants, not even the housekeeper Mrs Grose of whom she longs to make a friend but from whom she must keep a certain professional distance, resulting in a deeply ambiguous relationship. (We hear in passing that she is also isolated from her family by the fact that they are suffering their own troubles, to which she will not add in correspondence.) John pointed out that James often names his characters symbolically (Miss Jessell, was, it seems, a Jezebel, as someone else in the group pointed out; one meaning of the name Miles is 'uncertainty') and John wondered about the apparent negative connotations of the name Mrs Grose, as well as its possible meaning of 'big'. Could it be that the housekeeper is a more significant element in this story than many interpretations have allowed for? It seemed to John that the housekeeper who appears so homely and dependable in the (unreliable) governess's eyes would in reality resent her arrival in the household, having previously been left to run it herself, and having been very close to the little girl Flora who must now remove her affections to the governess. It is interesting that at the end, when Flora turns against the governess and becomes frightened of her, Mrs Grose 'reclaims' her, even to sleep in her room, and then flees with her, albeit it with the governess's 'blessing'. Mrs Grose might well, in terms of social and psychological reality, want the governess out of the way. Could it be that the whole 'haunting' is a setup engineered by Mrs Grose to achieve that very thing?
Green Food Coloring (1 drop blue/1 drop yellow)
Level 4: MP Cost: 24, Damage: 304%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
Never ask why.
They fail to mention: The bonus loophole was inserted by Democrat Senator Chris Dodd in the so-called Stimulus bill.
Make up your own Spray N' Wash with a few teaspoons of Cream of Tartar and some glycerin and you'll never have ring around the collar or underarm stains on shirt again. Just apply, let sit for 5-10 minutes, give a good scrub with a brush and wash with hot soapy water.
"You're buying on your day off," Jessica reminded her.
Lindsay looks and acts like the perfect fifteen year-old, but she’s hiding a dirty little secret that no amount of fashionista coverings can make better. Telling her mother her step-father is molesting her is not an option. Trying to kill herself again haunts her more than the scars on her wrists, and pretending to be perfect at school might very well drive her over the edge.
It's a simple matter, however, to discourage on-the-fly spell trading without arbitrarily forbidding it. All you have to do is make it a long, difficult, expensive and risky process, and it will happen rarely, if at all.
go home with a lovely keepsake that will be ready to just add your photos to and it’s sure to be
DISTANCE LEARNING INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER for the Skill Up Network (SUN) grant funded program
It wasn't long enough, but I'll take what I can get!
The Facebook session focused on three things to do right now to grow your Facebook fan page. All of them were fairly easy, and I have to admit that I need to work on my Facebook page. (You do all at least like my page, right?) And no, I haven't implemented anything since I got back from Blissdom, much to my chagrin. Unfortunately, I've been under the weather since I got back, so I'm lucky just to start getting caught up on laundry!
You can hear the angels sing
Are you in the habit of forgetting people’s names – pin codes – passwords – telephone numbers or even house numbers? The good news is that now there are several ways to improve your memory. Healthy Living Can Improve Your Memory!
I already know the response to my criticism but here it goes: Almondine’s pain au chocolat is delicious. Superb, even. Light, flakey pastry, slightly browned and crunchy at the ends. Chewy and moist, it tastes like it was only moments ago pulled from the oven.
1 arrange
This Psalm is a beatitude and it stands at the front of our most ancient song book/book of prayers. The Psalmist puts before us two paths. On one path walks the blessed person; on the other walks the wicked. And if the blessed one never steps foot onto the path of the wicked, we can be sure and certain that the wicked person never steps foot on the path of the righteous person. The Lord watches over the way of the righteous, but the way of the wicked? It appears not so much since their way will be destroyed.
We advise the regional countries against providing a basis for their presence,”foreign ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast told reporters.
2 Small Of Destroyer (5:20)
Subtlety is out. Bloomberg Businessweek’s January 25th cover shows a book engulfed in flames. The book’s title? “Amazon Wants to Burn the Book Business.” A towering pile of books dominates the front page of Sunday’s NYT Business Section. The pile starts well below the fold (print edition), breaks through the section header at the top of the page, and leans precariously. Books are starting to tumble off. “The Bookstore’s Last Stand,” reads the headline.
Didn't all this hysteria over terrorism start with 9-11? Like the Reichstag fire, the whole truth of how the World Trade Center was destroyed will probably never be known.* In response, Congress passed several acts designed to restrict the freedom of the American people, notably the USA PATRIOT Act, creation of the Department of Homeland Security (which makes it possible for the federal government to create a secret police apparatus), the REAL ID Act, and those Transportation Security Administration gropers and scanners.
You can learn more about mastering your own mind by joining me on the Tess and Bess Show where 20 Visionaries have come together to share their wisdom with you and it’s totally free to attend. Just go here and sign up.
But when you want money
I've been suffering from a lack of wind. In my tyre. It keeps, unpredictably, deflating. A week or so ago, I had it fixed. Or so the man said when he took my money. Days can go by when it's perfectly okay, then another day, I'll come out of work and find the tyre almost flat.
Sei loh, it's like we are working in one of those steel buildings garages because my office room air-con suddenly decided not to be working well! Under this weather? OMG....
Natalia’s grandfather was born in 1932 in the remote village of Galina in the mountains many miles to the NW of The City. He was still a child when a strange and unknown wild animal appeared in the hills near Galina. The etchings in the Jungle Book were used to identify the animal as a tiger, so it was called was called Shere Kahn, the name used by Kipling. Perhaps it was the very tiger escaped from the Belgrade Zoo, who’s to say.
March 3 - 6, 2011
Let your family and friends know, and you’ll increase your chances of winning, through December 30, 2011.
It's not that she equates non-consensual penetration with consensual intercourse. It's not that she dismisses the concerns of women who don't wish to be poked and prodded unnecessarily with a slut-shaming "hey, they ought to be used to having stuff jammed inside 'em." We've come to expect that sort of casual horror from people like her.
First, let’s look at it from a logical approach. We know these facts:
Inside the card: The white mat is 4 1/2" x 6 1/2", and the pink polka dot mat is 4 1/4" x 6 1/4". The chocolate bunny is 3 3/4", and the Happy Easter sentiment is printed and then cut at 1 1/2". The smaller white mat is 3" x 3 3/4". The smaller blue mat is 2 3/4" x 3 1/2", and the smaller yellow mat is 2 1/2" x 3 1/4".
Project Postcard:
106. Beautiful days that are the epitomy of spring - heavy, dark downpour, then the sun breaking through so powerfully, blue skies overtaking the grey, a rainbow appearing, the freshest scent imaginable in the air, and then a misty rain again, but this time with the sun remaining...glorious and perfect.
Look for the name of a writer, or Web site manager, and if no contact information is listed, do a WhoIs search by typing “whois www.site-name.com”. Be sure to include the quotes. That will tell you who registered the site, which is a good place to start on smaller Web sites. Look for phone numbers, e-mail, and fax numbers, and follow up your initial communication.
Time:
But on the flip side, it was something new and different. And new and different can sometimes be great. So after grabbing a couple of rides with no wait whatsoever (and beating my husband at Buzz Lightyear for the first time ever….did I mention that already?), we grabbed some snacks and some curb and gave it a go.
...I can count on one hand the number of things I paid full price for that are in Apartment #412.
We sit, now, right at the turning point of beginning to move back
1 ong
Again, not entirely a legit complaint, but I have utmost respect for SAPS. These guys go into dangerous situations and fight real bad guys like murderers and drug lords. JMPD like stopping rich white people in BMW’s and making their lives shit. They are like the bulleys from high school whose teacher was on the committee. Fight some real bad guys JMPD or GTFO.
pineapple filling – I just bought 1 packet of the readymade ones and I add a bit of hotwater to the filling, just a bit so that they won’t be too dry.
“If you become a catamaran and sail away from me,” said his mother,
I did get my one clumsy move for 2010 out of the way today. Last year, my groove involved missing a step going downstairs at my house and doing a face plant at the bottom of the stairs, a week after getting my cast off my arm. At least I didn't have an audience for that performance (outside of the furry four-footed kind). This year, I waited until I arrived here in California and made my move in front of Bubba Gumps. Evidently I am not even coordinated enough to walk down the sidewalk without falling down. In the rain. Hard. Busted. Embarrassed. Sigh.
How would you reply if I were to ask you, "What's the most beautiful thing?" Would it be a special someone's smile. A sunset or rainbow playing behind your favorite vista? The Mona Lisa or Starry Night? Beethoven's Ninth or Imagine? Shall I Compare Thee to a Summer's Day or Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Blackbird?
Whether steampunk or suspense, sultry or sweet, the 21012 Tucson Festival of Books loves a good romance. With more than 40 remance authors, there’s an offering for the romanticc in all of us. Here are a few more to whet your appetite:
HMAM
Another feature of these shoes is the durability. These shoes can last long without decreasing the benefits they can give to your feet. You can use these shoes for everyday activities. By the way, if you are looking for casual shoes, Saucony also have them. You can look for different designs on their Jazz O, which is designed for everyday use. You can visit ZBSports.com if you want to buy some casual shoes.
Another mother came in with her 17-year-old daughter, 12 year old daughter, and 7 year old son. Mom reported that her three children are homeschooled; however, she is a single parent and is working 2 jobs to make ends meet.
The fifth most powerful and devastating hidden emotional sales weakness is called Becoming Emotionally Involved. Basically, when a salesperson becomes emotionally involved it indicates that the salesperson is thinking during the sales call. The “thinking” can include becoming internally nervous and upset, analyzing, becoming creative, worrying, panicking, getting excited, using “happy ears” and strategizing on the fly hoping to dazzle the prospect into becoming as excited as the salesperson is.
the recipe for the pork with leeks is from my mother and i stumbled upon the recipe for leeks and beets here and i knew it will be good.
My initial thoughts:
We finally decided on clear plexiglass as the covering.
~Whatever else you want to add~
Last night I was telling Ross, "sometimes it just seems so selfish. This life that he is wasting."
Dress ("Emma", Smoking Lily), jacket (Pelican Cove, consignment), shoes (Prepare Guides, Fluevog), bug pendant (Heart's Content), wrist wrap (Shi Studio), ring (Wendy Brandes).
Every morning about a foot from where the water rose, broken beer bottles and glass shards scattered across the ground. We had to be careful where we stepped and always keep our shoes on. Especially when we played in the water, so that we could scare away the sting rays that loved to burrow into the sand at the bottom, by dragging our feet as we entered.
SCHLESSINGER: I don't get it. If anybody without enough melanin says it, it's a horrible thing; but when black people say it, it's affectionate. It's very confusing. Don't hang up, I want to talk to you some more. Don't go away.
Just Soccer
To have my pains unnoticed and the cries unheard.
Let's start with "engagement." Engagement -- like "branding" and "conversation" -- is one of those dreadful cliches that means whatever some hustler decides it means. Social media jargonistas throw it around like awards at an advertising conference. They start from the position that social media participation is de facto evidence of brand engagement.
Overwhelmed? Upset? I know how you feel. Thanks for listening, Adrienne K.
Dish: Caramelized Cauliflower & Onion Soup.
“We always ask neighbors to report suspicious activity no matter what neighborhood they live in.”
Unhelpfully, there is no corresponding Medical Thriller category for the Kindle catalog.
I recall a very windy, blustery day at St. James’ C of E and most of us children were wearing snorkel Parker jackets. Mine was blue with an orange lining and grey fur on the snorkel. All of us had inverted the jacket over our heads and the wind was dragging us from off the benches we had stood on. It was like a foot high parachute jump. We did it all break. It was so miserable and wet. We used to huddle under the only shelter available to us there. I remember Karen Williamson rejecting me for Jason in Mrs Corrie’s class. How odd. I remember a tree with some purple velvety flowers on it in spring or autumn. I sat next to Andrea Thew in Mrs Dyson’s class. I always got lines from her. No matter what I did I got given lines which I had to do at break. I was never a bad child. I remember very little about Mrs Bellamy’s class. She was a good teacher. Nice, not like Mrs Dyson. I remember Colin Maltby fainted in her class. I also remember fancying a girl who was in the next classroom and in the final year. Tracey somebody, not Burnsall as she was in cousin Robert’s year.
Thin Mint: taste of Thin Mints, the Girl Scouts’ top-selling cookie, paired with additional dark chocolate, mint chocolate creme, and those airy crispies from a Nestlé Crunch bar.
$14.00-$18.00
01. Bound For Glory
Just when I thought (hoped) I was done writing (downloading) about DNA and I stare at my computer screen waiting for the information to flow all I can see are these spirally things sticking out of a body. I touched on these in one of my posts (I think the first one about the three phases of DNA) it seems we are going to understand this further!!
In short, he was saying that my life goal must not have wiggle room. I must decide–and decide quickly–what my first priority will be and stick with it. If God has called me to ministry to people with special needs, then I must continue on the path that leads me to that goal. There are so many scriptures that teach this principle that my mind was immediately filled with pictures of men going to battle with an adequate army.
PROJECTED DOSE MODELS COORDINATED WITH OTHER AGENCIES NONE SAID OFFICIALLY WITH A PRESS RELEASE. mR. DOORMAN. sUPRESSING INFORMATION. ‘
I’m half Danish, half English, I live in the UK, I speak four languages and love reading and writing. In fact I’ve always lived as much between the pages of a book or in some story I’m making up in my head as I have in the real world.
My bad weather method of shooting HDR is as follows.
NEXT! I did something on Saturday I thought I would NEVER do! I bought a pair of "high end" jeans *hangs head in shame* I blame Kristin for this. Why? Because she posted a link for THIS company and I have been stalking and drooling over those jeans ever since. I do know a few girls who swear by these jeans but I refuse to pay over $100 for a pair of jeans. I'm cheap, can't help it. I really have no need for these jeans, other then I need something to cover my bottom half when I'm out in public. The jeans I got at another store work just fine for this purpose, but when I walked into the boutique down the street from my house, I fell in love. The saleswoman was so kind to me and never pressured me once. I don't know what came over me but I walked out of that store with a pair of jeans that are very flattering, but also cost more than I have ever spent on a pair of jeans.
There are 5 steps in this process, which we call the 5 A’s:
Mix flour, baking soda and salt in a bowl and set aside.
Bob Carlos Clarke was always interested in the way that fashion influences society’s perception of beauty, which led him to photograph eccentric and extraordinary people who conformed less to the ‘accepted’.
-Merrell, who missed her own quotes last week.
It was a longgggg day around the house but NO SPENDING went on Fiscal fast day 3 was a sucsess. The majority of the day was spent keeping up with Karsyn, it has been too cold and windy outside to take Mason out so she has been getting into anything and everything. DD#3 is back from vacation, YAAA, she will have the little girls tomorrow so I can have a break, just me and Mason man.
At LONG LAST!!!!!!!!!!! We have had these beer in our fridge for some time, and I'm finally getting to it. If you don't know about the Sam Adams Longshot beers, basically they are some serious beers brewed at the National Homebrew Competition, chosen by Boston Beer Company to brew on their system and distribute to the masses. If you can get, GET IT!
05) Teenage (Totp's)
Rachel Morgan is the author of Guardian, the first novelette in the Creepy Hollow series. She was born in South Africa and spent a large portion of her childhood living in a fantasy land of her own making. These days, in between teaching mathematics to high school children, she writes fiction for young adults.
Best moment this week: Buying a NEW MATTRESS and GETTING IT TODAY!!! I am so pumped for the most incredible night's sleep tonight!!
Who were the Hebrews descended from?
Medeva filed five SPC applications with the UK's IPO, seeking supplementary protection for DTPa-IPV/HIB vaccines covering diphtheria (D), tetanus (T), whooping cough (Pa), poliomyelitis (IPV) and/or meningitis (Haemophilus influenzae, also known as ‘HIB’). In support of those applications, Medeva submitted marketing authorisations (MAs) granted by the French, German and UK authorities for a range of medicinal products each of which contained, in addition to the combination of pertactin and filamentous haemagglutinin, between eight and 11 other active ingredients.
So it means that even if you runaway or hide from God… those won’t work.
Iranian politicians, including Ashtiani, have been recently criticised for interferring in the country's sports. The MP's forehead in the cartoon (as also in reality) has a dark mark, said to be the sign of a pious muslim, caused (supposedly) by frequent prostration during prayer.
Louise Altson's debut art appears on page 20 and 21. The images are realistic and dramatic. This is one talented artist seriously trained in classic illustration. Other artists in this issue include illustrator James Billmyer and Elmer Tomasch, known as Tom Tomasch to the guys on the Timely comics staff. Tomasch would also go on to a career in fine art after his comic book days. 14 pages of Miss America comic art and 7 pages of Patsy Walker art are also inside.
We felt like our whole week with J's family was spent shovelling snow from pavements and carparks, or walking the family dogs through knee-high snow in the fields above the house.
I have to admit, I think it's amazing when Brian gets me a really sweet gift for a special occasion. But let's face it...sometimes it's easier to just buy your own presents. This Mother's Day I treated myself to a Polar Heart Rate monitor and a Zumba B2 training session with the FIERCE Tanya Beardsley.
- Sally Hansen Diamond Strength, Insta-Dri nail polish: CAD5.99
I awoke feeling frustrated, feeling like I needed to do something, feeling like everyone wanted something and I wasn't able to get a grip. I was dropping the ball and messing up everything. I'm sure you all know what I'm talking about. It's sometimes difficult to juggle everything. It's so hard to keep up with housework, to pay bills on time, do laundry, make doctor appointments, and make sure your kids have clothes they haven't outgrown. Then there's getting the kids' pictures taken, arranging birthday parties, planning out Sunday school lessons, going to the grocery store, making school lunches, and cooking dinner. And let's not forget making sure you spend enough time with the kids together and individually, helping them with their homework, reading to them, making sure they do their homework, and practice their instruments, ensuring they eat a balanced diet. And if you work outside the home, there are the meetings, the paperwork, the business trips, and the phone calls to deal with as well. It's a wonder we don't all wake up in cold sweats in the middle of the night after having the waitress dream!
Note: For better or worse, noddies can give emotional cues to the viewer. For example, if a guest is reciting some facts and figures, a shot of the interviewer looking shocked suggests to the audience that these figures warrant a strong reaction.
People of color make up 40 percent of bloggers, but only 26 percent of Internet users. According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project's "Blogger" report, which was based on findings from their February through April 2006 tracking surveys, 11 percent of bloggers are Black, 19 percent are English-speaking Hispanic and 10 percent are some other race or ethnicity.
I'm writing about men in prison this week, so my thoughts are rather grim. Usually I sink down into the story and try to feel what my character might have felt, a rather intuitive approach. And I've been told that my writing needs more sensory detail to create something called "deep point of view." This means that the reader is so pulled into the character through description that uses the five senses that the reader can't stop turning pages.
The gossip columnist is still hard at work but her identity is still in question. As a reader it is intriguing to when Quinn will reveal the identity.
If you are a new reader to my blog, I recommend catching up in the "testimony" posts.
Welcome to the Butcher's Case, the new blog for Fleisher's Grass-Fed & Organic Meats. As you may have heard, we'll soon be opening a new shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn. The Butcher's Case will help our new neighbors in Brooklyn get familiar with what Fleisher's is all about and will also keep Fleisher's fans up to speed with what's going on at our flagship shop up in the Hudson Valley. Recipes, interviews, photos, videos — we plan to have all of that. Lots of old-timey butcher photos and other vintage meat ephemera, too, because we think those are fun.
Does it matter that the fictional Skeeter was writing reportage and the real Stockett was writing fiction? These are murky waters.
We also have yet to hear from our winner Caro from the challenge last week. Caro, please contact Denise to claim your Bunny Zoe Crafts prize. If we don't hear from you by Monday at 8am EST, we will have to choose another winner.
"The mistletoe is still hung up in farm-houses and kitchens at Christmas, and the young men have the privilege of kissing the girls under it, plucking each time a berry from the bush. When the berries are all plucked the privilege ceases."
I have very sensitive skin. Not to the point that I get rashes or irritation, but to the point that I have to be very careful about which products I use on my face because I get red itchy eyes, super dry skin, and the occasional small bumpy breakout. Recently, I wanted to find something more natural to put on my face. Something that didn't have many ingredients and something that didn't have the undesirable parabans and chemicals.
If I had to give out awards for the festival, here are a few:
4. It builds your self-motivation to take the necessary actions, lighting a spark of what can be for yourself.
1: Nex-violent death, murder
"I think it's you." she says turning up her nose.
Reference: L1S51
In Tunisia, a law concerning Judaism (11 July 1958) put an end to Jewish communities, replaced them with temporary "Israelite worship commissions," and suppressed the personal status of the Jews (inherited from the dhimmi status, which obliged the Jews to depend on their religious tribunals for all matters related to their personal status). In Tunisia too, independence (1956) led to the Tunisification of public services.
Our duty is to love them boldly, wildly, with every part of our being, and to carry their spirit into the world.
We go out.
I certainly don't see these poor kids in any colour. The girl will be
4. Resa over at Queen’s End is uber talented and fabulous and has a neat blog about fashion, life, the city, and art things. I like her unique perspectives.
New paths of fortune we can not find
We see Senta first as a child in pink pyjamas, watching the waves through a giant skylight; she craves her father's affection, but he is unable to deliver any and pushes off to sea, leaving her with a book of fairy tales for company. The Dutchman manifests as her imagining, her interior living, if you like, of such a fairy tale - as children do, as we all do if only we remember, casting her father one of its characters, and the Steersman too - who sings his quiet song with rapt nostalgia and falls asleep on the floor, where little Senta covers him tenderly with her duvet. The Dutchman and his ship arrive in a terrific coup-de-theatre, he in full Mr Darcy getup, while the ship wouldn't disgrace Errol Flynn's in The Sea Hawk. And Daland's eagerness to marry the stranger off to his daughter without noticing that said stranger is one of the Undead is all too convincing, because Daland is a stranger to love and values nothing but money.
Texture – 5/5
My direct supervisor (very astute) immediately responded with:
If you’re still feeling zooish, go to Bearizona near Williams which is a drive through. You better keep those windows tightly closed and keep moving through because those bears are not shy of humans as a swipe at our bumper that set the car rocking let us know. This zoo is 55% rescues and rehabilitated animals. I don’t think I’ve ever enjoying a working weekend more.
Little Foxes, Thursdays 9.15am-11am at Foxhill Primary School – toddler group for parents with babies or toddlers from 0-5years. Friendly and informal group. Cost: FREE Contact: Anneesa Ali or Michelle Daly, Foxhill & Grenoside Children’s Centre – 0114 233 2878
Tear gas and water cannons were fired to disperse the 80,000-strong crowd. The police and protesters clashed for about four hours before police regained control of the city.
So I was talking to a friend earlier today who will remain nameless, and she has a dilemma she needed help with. Let’s call her Lucy, like Ace and TJ do. So Lucy is a recent UNC Charlotte graduate (I freaking miss having classes with her). She applied to several graduate schools and has been accepted to all of them, except for the one she hasn’t heard from – University of Massachusetts. After deliberation she has narrowed it does to three schools. Two are in the U.S. and one is in England.
Sometime in early December, those suited up cuntards at UEFA showed the World the teams that will have post-Valentine dates with each other.
A swift kick to the stomach brings me back to the present. My body curls over in pain as I scream, “Jack please, p-please Hun; enough for tonight. I won’t leave you, w-we can talk about this in the morning.” I manage to get all of this out before the next kick to the ribs is received. Crack. He hears it, I know he hears it but that doesn’t stop him or slow him. I feel it, my rib snapping, and my eyes widening in pain. Too much, I think. I don’t know if I can handle much more of this, the darkness closing in on my eyes.
- Bottled drinking water
Dead air.
And if time brings understanding
Who in their right mind would sit through a play about a woman dying of cancer? Sounds like an awful night out. But it isn't! When WIT opened off-Broadway in 1999, there was talk of moving it to a Broadway house. But the bean counters decided that nobody would go. It went on to win the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and there have been countless regional productions.
People hurried to the harbour wall
However, we just entered the doorway to a new cycle. Two new sunspots appeared on the sun’s disk last week, one (1045) described by SOHO as ‘awesome’ and ‘complex’ and the other (1046) – which just appeared around the edge – seems set to outdo its neighbor. Because of the Sun’s altered magnetic orientation in the new cycle, SOHO and THEMIS are expecting fireworks.
Who joined together for a different life
waking the fish the ducks
* Go ride horses. My kids love that!
Only one man can save her-a man who claims to be a fellow oceanographer. He will seek to gain Melis’s trust, getting close to her secret and her life. But what this enigmatic man really wants, Melis may not discover until it’s too late. Because whoever is after her knows her nightmare intimately, and soon she will be forced to relive them all over again.
Of the many memes being parroted by writers, one of the most destructive is "Most self-pubbed ebooks don't sell."
“The dangerous 530-mile long passage over the Himalayan Mountains took its toll. Official records from Search and Rescue were closed in 1945. Final records showed 509 crashed aircraft records had been “closed”. 81 lost aircraft records were still open. 328 of the “lost” flights were ATC planes. 1,314 crew members were know to be dead. 345 were still listed as missing. “In addition, China National Aviation Corporation (CNAC) lost 38 planes and 88 airmen. “
I finished off this look with the Rimmel Marshmallow Lips in Coral Orange. Love this colour!!Now on to the day-outing..we met up with my sister's friend who happened to be in HK at the same time. He suggested have tea at the Peninsula Hotel, which was just the perfect idea because I have been dying to have afternoon tea for a while now!! The queue was as expected, long! It took us about 85 minutes to be seated. Both me and sister went for the afternoon tea set and the friend went for a scone set.
Reluctant as I am to rush to judgement as to how the facts will eventually pan out in respect of the recent terrorist killings in France, if the current suspect Mohammed Merah, a 23 year old of Algerian origin, with a lengthy criminal record and numerous Pakistan stamps in his passport, (referred to here in typical BBC speak as a "Frenchman") does turn out to be the killer, we will have seen yet another example of the, now entirely corrupt, Western media rushing to their own judgments and composing a narrative based on their own wishes, rather than upon any rational analysis of the facts.
Quite a run if you ask me. Fortunately the movie was a good deal shorter. I watched the film on the basis of a recommendation from a reader who suggested that if I liked Emily Blunt‘s work in The Devil Wears Prada and The Adjustment Bureau, then I should watch The Young Victoria.
The links that I have given provide more information about relaxation response and eliciting the relaxation response. These are from the institute that runs the program. In fact, my psychologist may have even come up with these herself.
'Come back on Monday,' they pleaded: 'We're having a Grand Re-opening then'. A bit of me was tempted, although I wondered for a moment if I had stumbled into some kind of artistic recreation of Monty Python's famous Cheese Shop sketch. Would there be any art available to see, I wondered, hesitantly voicing my query even as I (shamefully) began anticipating their reply. They gamefully studied the programme, but it was no use. They had to admit that nothing was scheduled.
Two- with a dedicated daily time and space for writing, there is no resentment about other reality chores like shopping or grooming. There is a place for writing every day.
His gargantuan vocabulary made it into the many speeches. American Income CEO Roger Smith, Strode confidently to the lectern. He said Bernard had always told to him to enter the stage with alacrity. He had to look it up, but once he did, he never forgot to come onto a stage briskly, enthusiastically, willingly, and with zeal. B was one of a kind.
So I have 28.2 pounds to go to get to my goal - lord help me!!!!
But that’s not the most worrying development. The US forum moderators kicked all promotion threads into a “Meet Our Authors” forum, and today it seems at least two global changes have kicked in. The “insert product link” button no longer lists books, so you have to manually type in/paste a live link to a book, and the brackets many of us used after our book titles have all disappeared.
After he was handcuffed and thrown in the backseat of the cruiser the cop looked at me and asked if I have been parked here long, I told him about 15 minutes or so.
I hope I’ve helped to answer the protein question but please feel free to shout out if there is something I missed. I have read and learned so much about this subject in the past year. I love to talk about it and help anyone who asks, but I never want to feel like I am pushing vegetables or a vegetarian lifestyle on anyone. Whatever works for you!
The tail end of summer is winding down fast. Here's an easy tart to pull together that uses the last summer tomatoes you may have on hand. This makes a great lunch when served with a salad, packs well for picnics or makes nice appetizers if cut into bite-size pieces.
June 20 — June 23
I am not demonizing anyone who does not want to carry the historical and symbolic baggage of this contract. But I am indeed defending its validity, redefinition, and place in modern society. Maybe this is “especially” because I am female; maybe it’s not.
But then Finn gets in the way. He's part of her brothers' team and he's there to protect her when her life could be in danger. From the first time he came on the pages dripping wet from a shower and making mine and Meara's heart aflutter.
At this stage we can look up and see the struggles of others. We can see we are not alone and can dare to be empathetic, compassionate and reach out to help them without being pulled under again ourselves -because we are giving out of the abundance the Holy Spirit’s provision for us and within us, and not out of duty or a need to “be a something”. We are aware of his love. We can finally feel it. We can start to be ourselves and give more freely of ourselves.
becomes you): and you fall from the sky
Passed through bromeliads,
Beal is also a lifelong peace advocate, supporting the end of colonialism, African liberation, and opposing the war in Vietnam. She has also worked for the ACLU (1987-2005) and in 1998, was elected National Secretary of the Black Radical Congress. Frances Beal retired in 2005 and continues to promote peace and justice through her support of the Women of Color Resource Center (a group that has its roots in the TWWA), and her opposition to war in Iraq and the rest of the Middle East.
This is the only prayer
After that I did some talk to texts, and only had to make one or two corrections each time.
Nearly 48% of 18 to 64-year-old high-school dropouts in Chicago did not work even one week last year. The statewide number, 42%, is not much better and is four times higher than the figure of those with bachelor’s or higher degrees.
Like CAPTCHA. The little badge you see on my side bar is the only time I will take up alliance with robots. I don't care how many people think I'm paranoid, the robots will take over one day.
Where do you find your silence? Mine is usually found as I sit quietly in the garden. Or sometimes when lost in doing a piece of art. Mostly it comes when I'm meditating;in that space, that millisecond, after exhaling.
Skin Deep by Laura Jarratt
Now, I know what you're thinking. Every mom wants to believe that their child is special, smart, gifted, talented, super uper duper the bestest in the wordlest. Right? And maybe you think I should really look at those scores and reconsider the path I'm taking with her.
The Cats Talk at Midnight Part 6 - see post for May 27th (sorry, I can't link before the schedule date and I am currently without computer access)
4. Deceivers
Ben made it with a little bit of lemon juice, zest, garlic, salt, and pepper. This combo always wins with us. Here's a recipe you might want to try. Brussels sprouts are really good! Really!!!
Steroids (3 days of 2 pills), Steroid nasal spray and Codeine/Mucinex cough syrup. I had *HOPE*.
I am not free of this. I, too, constantly consume. When I have free time at home (sometimes I have a lot because I choose to wake up and stay up when my finacée, who works days, wakes and I work night shifts often) I am constantly consuming some type of entertainment, be it video games or old TV shows on Netflix — we choose not to have cable or any type of TV. So, in a way, I am very much a part of the problem. I’m happy to say that I’m not nearly as much a part of the problem as most and I have my fiancée thank for that. She’s subjectively and objectively smarter than anyone I know and she keeps me in check most of the time. The reason I am writing this is because as I write that this generation is stupid, as I have above, I sound like the small group of miserly people that naysay everything and everyone who do not ever take a second to look at themselves. I am different though, self-deprecating is a way that everyone I know would describe me and I usually do not relish in telling other people, much less the egregiously large swathe I’m painting now, that they are stupid.
every obscure
For reasons unrelated to you or our relationship, I got depressed and it soon became too much to handle, completely tearing our relationship apart.
that didn't do so well with all the snow.
As ta'en thy ain wife Kate's advice!
Reason for Choosing: I felt like it.
Also, as they are white, unless one speaks to them, which can be avoided reasonably easily, it is even possible to pretend they are not immigrants at all. In any event those who are likely to be in competition with them for low paid jobs probably don't vote Tory.
Unfortunately the film’s story feels too inert. The mixing of different plot threads, time-lines and psychic spaces should have made me feel disorientated and engaged me but the atmosphere has a dull edge. The most interesting parts feel derivative of better stories and films. Beyond that there are good performances especially from Akira Emoto and Kiki and the sequences that take place in the Starfish Hotel are engaging. Crucially though the film feels bland. The mystery doesn’t grip and even with an intriguing existential reading there is little bite and substance.
In the way how you can walk on Sneakers you can’t do with other shoes (nothing against high heels).
The people of God are being reviled and, in the process, their God is being reviled as well, for the implication of the taunt in verse 2, “where is their God?” implies a powerlessness on his part to save or aid them.
Bigger news is that the schedule has come out. The Pack starts out with a stretch of four straight tough opponents in the 49ers, Bears, Seahawks, and Saints. The good thing is that three of four are at home with Seattle being the away game. Seattle is a tough place to play and a much better team than their record. I do believe the Pack can win each of these games, but it will be tough! The Packers face the NFC west and AFC south this year and neither division is very strong. Each division does have one powerhouse in the 49ers and Texans. The NFC north will be very competitive this year with the Bears and Lions also looking like playoff teams, which should rejuvenate these bitter rivalries. Minnesota looks like they’ll be a sub 500 team this year and potentially moving soon with their stadium issues. The other game that stands out is the chance at revenge against the Giants after the disappointing loss at home in the divisional round of the playoffs last season. This game will take place in week 12 with both teams making a playoff push which should make for an even better game.
Join us for Kitchen Chat this week as we hear from three of the best in Christian Suspense: Tosca Lee, Jim Rubart and Erin Neely. I had the privilege of interviewing these three during the International Christian Retailing Show in July.
The attempt this week by the Vatican’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF) to control the Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), the leading national organization of Catholic nuns in the U.S., is being widely criticized by Catholics and others, as people across the country start to express outrage at the decision and support for these women of faith.
The rap song yes is a little annoying but it’s tv and Sam understands that some viewers need a break.
The Girlfriend (L.) and I have been noticing a little phenomenon around us lately. Lesbians who hate penetration, lesbians who are never, no way, no how, ever, EVER willing to even try it. A pal of ours even refuses to use tampons, because, “She doesn’t like penetration, dude!”
Happy hopping!!
Me: Hey Imogen, what are you up to in Grandad's office?
In compelling the bishop by legal proceedings to grant institution, the form known as Duplex Querula was adopted, which consisted of a complaint tendered to the archbishop against his Ordinary for some alleged denial of justice. The Dean of Arches (Sir H. J. Fust) issued a monition to the bishop to institute Mr. Gorham within fifteen days, or show cause for refusing; institution to be proceeded with by default. The bishop responded by what is called an "Act on Petition," in which he included the book published by Mr. Gorham containing a detailed account of his examination. The bishop expressed himself convinced that Mr. Gorham was of unsound doctrine in respect to the efficacy of the Sacrament of Baptism, inasmuch as he held that spiritual regeneration is not given or conferred in that Holy Sacrament. This elicited a defensive rejoinder from Mr Gorham. The case came on for hearing in the Arches Court in February 1849, and judgment was given in the following August in favour of the bishop. Sir H. J. Fust concluded his judgment by stating that "the doctrine of the Church of England undoubtedly is that children baptized are regenerated at baptism, and are undoubtedly saved if they die without committing actual sin. Mr. Gorham has maintained, and does maintain, opinions opposed to that Church of which he professes himself a member and a minister."
Save $0.50 when you buy ONE 28 OZ. OR LARGER Bisquick Baking Mix or Complete Pancake & Waffle Mix.
Nathan is fearless when it comes to some things. Jumping from a ridiculous height and sticking the landing? No problem. Putting on your shoes by yourself... well, for some reason he really didn't want to try to do this without help from mommy or daddy. I think it's because he is a little shy of doing things when he is not guaranteed success. After much coaxing though, last summer he did start attempting to do it himself. Even now, months and months later, he still puts his shoes on the wrong foot, often, but at least now he tries.
We had such a Great time with everyone that came out to the GED Funk and Soul Halloween Event at the Pond last night!! Hope everyone enjoyed the Mustaches!
In a small bowl, combine the confectioners' sugar and enough milk to achieve smooth dipping consistency. Dip cookies, then roll in coconut. Place on waxed paper; let stand until set.
The other aspect to this is that religion may find itself in serious trouble, because the Chinese do not really like religion and neither do they like the Media and so many other institutions, movements and ideologies.
I very gently told her that, what she had just done was 400 times worse for her health than, being outdoors where some people were smoking. I also told her that was the reason I could not find acceptable any criticism that she can do about.
Today, I want to wish a very happy birthday to the father of my children.
Marilyn McCoo & Billy Davis Jnr – You Don’t Have To Be A Star (To Be In My Show)
are criminals will be arrested and gone. Stocks will be frozen as things
I will be doing reminder posts and further plugs over the next few weeks, because when the monsters of October go away, the Ninja come out to play!
Puts on her make-up
His e-mail read like a running commentary of his life. And the question was just perfect. Just Leonard’s perfect, predictable question. He hit the reply button and typed.
This yellow dress is eye-catching, but not the best I've seen;
Of the 223 state employees with criminal records, the majority - 166, or 74 percent - were employed in national departments, while 57 (26 percent) worked for provincial departments.
The patrol team later claimed to their superiors that the mullah had tried to threaten them with a grenade and that they had no choice but to shoot.
Now I've been happy lately
House is taking time off to be there for Wilson in his cancer treatment time of need. Foreman brings in a new doctor, an Elizabeth Lawson, a developmental geneticist. She’s also Emily’s mother. Emily already has a genetic disorder. Chase is not convinced Dr. Lawson will be an asset as she’s too invested in the patient.
Today, I want to discuss with you the issues of the lemons and how they can come down on you. Many things can happen, you break up with your wife/husband, girlfriend/boyfriend, you lost a love one, etc. These things can be crippling and most people understand that, allowing you that time to breath and recollect yourself, that is not the problem. The problem we face is getting back up, to many times do I see people fall down and stay down. Hardest thing to do is to get up and staying down makes you the problem. People depend on you to stand up and be strong for them to. It’s okay to be sad, mad, etc. but neglecting your life because of your pain is not right to the ones who are still with you or yourself.
313But all is calm in this eternal sleep;
WFPL is one of Louisville's public radio stations. Last week it did a story about corn and, being in Kentucky, that means it was also about bourbon whiskey.
The demon city is my town, basically because they have the coolest hero in the game- one who can make her ballista shoot fire bolts. Start the game with her and you don’t need an army to claim your mines. The demon city also has the skill of gating which is by far the coolest skill of them all.
RND 6-9: sc in each st around (12 stitches)
I started with a pearl on a head pin, then put it through a link of the chain and used pliers to make a swirl with the excess wire.
Last December, the International Court of Justice, ICJ, ruled that Greece had breached an interim deal brokered by the UN in 1995 when it blocked Macedonia’s attempt to join NATO.
Alright, so assuming they double the 5,000 in the parent generation would beget 10,000 individuals in the first generation of offspring. But let's not forget, that the advantage that allowed them to survive can be passed on genetically. So ALL of the new 10,000 are also able to survive Roundup.
While everybody else,
* "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar A. Poe
Thanks to my parents and a great groupon, we got our first family pictures taken a couple weeks ago. While Henry didn't smile while the camera was pointing at him, he still gave us some great pictures. I had to scan these in so the quality is off, but please enjoy our gift to you which is the cuteness below!
What would it take for liberals to understand the real meaning of a deep respect for life? They give lip service to it from time to time, but focus more on how to modify the punishment of criminals, while removing many safeguards that protect the general citizenry.
Not as easy to capture
The huge number of applications for the 7,978 Build-to-Order (BTO) and balance flats released a week ago has exceeded supply by over three times. Applications reached about 26,350 a few hours before closing yesterday.
Thanks for following along with the GQ vs. Vintage posts. It wasn't really a contest at all and I knew the vintage lot was way better than the two blasters. I didn't set out to seriously compare the two, but I happened to make the purchase at almost the same time and thought it would be interesting to see how the value broke down.
My favorite Bible verse is Philippians 4:8:
Credit: Crunchyroll Scott Green
These sites has not disappeared after the law was changes in 2009.
Bennett’s little feet measured in at 9 cm, and his body in total was about 20 inches (and he was born at 7 lbs, 9.5 oz). So my little wonton’s 6 cm foot doesn’t seem THAT crazy anymore, thankfully. Although of course I have no idea how much his/her feet have grown since our 30 week ultrasound, but something tells me my baby really isn’t chunchun after all.
So, here's my meager offering tonight--
“Yippee kayee Motherfucker!”. Always, always take those few extra seconds to come up with a clever catchphrase, just when you’re about to stare down danger. Always. You know it makes sense. See: Die Hard (natch), Hot Fuzz, Bad Boys
The Great Democrat Anti-Gun Skedaddle of '12 is over. The Flighty Forty said they took their little hike to make a point That point being that the conservative/libertarian majority should be forbidden to act like a majority.
grated zest of 1/4 lime (I used lemon zest)
Missions: A commitment to spend 18 months to 2 years full-time preaching the gospel, developing welfare projects, serving as tour guides at church historical sites, or operating game-hunting reserves for wealthy clients.
According to “Draw A Circle” ….
with the back of a serving spoon
The recent wave of deaths of animals around the world - of fish, birds and, as a new story at today's Anomalist reveals, hundreds of cattle - has generated a wealth of theories for the deaths that range from perfectly natural "die-offs" to a coming apocalypse of Biblical proportions, and just about anything and everything in between.
Price : £9.00 plus postage
I'll admit, I don't always buy into some of the concepts Erik tosses around because he's not the "Beer Geek" of the group... I am. However, over the last year or so we've seen the line between "Beer Geek" and "Beer Snob" blur to the point that the two are dangerously close to becoming one and the same. The last thing the craft beer industry needs is a bunch of elitist snobs turning beer it into something it's not. Making it less accessible to Jack and Jill Sixpack is not the goal here.
And here’s the DT’s take on the sketch
the shopping cart, you name it. He has whole-heartedly enjoyed being able to move on his own.
a light for revelation to the Gentiles
I have hope, I have my God, and I have new memories to make with my beautiful family. I won’t let the past hold me back from those things. and I am joy-filled to have some heritage from my dad to pass down through the generations. His love for God. My love for God. and most importantly God’s love for us.
Well, I got off to a great start. I realized I did have pumpkin, in the can, and didn't want to waste it. Since I only use the larger cans of pumpkin when I make pumpkin pies the little can simply wasn't of much use, especially since I rarely make stews and summer is upon us anyway (and I never did quite got cold soups and stews even attempted). So, the cats got half a teaspoon in their wet food. Neither favors it much. Sassy usually eats her food and whatever Sam leaves. Today she didn't eat more than half of her own food. Well, I put up the dry. They can eat that or nothing. The Lord moves in mysterious ways, like turning a son into his mother? Bah! It didn't work for her, probably won't work for me, but she always figured something out to... get the intent down. I will too. Women! ??? Ha! I even found a container to store the remnants of the can in. If it doesn't pass the smell test next time I go to use it I'll toss it.
The result was a blockbuster thriller that unexpectedly caught the popular imagination. Despite the fact that at least two other previous thrillers, The Da Vinci Legacy by Lewis Perdue (1983), and Kingdom Come (2000) by Jim Hougan, had overlapped much of the same territory, lightning struck Brown’s novel and sparked innumerable dinner-table discussions of heretofore-arcane topics such as Mary Magdalene’s real relationship to Jesus.
So family and friends, I would love for volunteers to pick a letter and spend the next... year, 9 months, whatever it ends up being, working on a letter for us. If you happen to want to pick the letter that your name starts with, even cooler.
Stir together the cream cheese, sour cream and ranch seasoning. Add the rest of the ingredients and stir until combined. Salt and pepper to taste.
You are cordially invited to the Proteus Gowanus All Day Holiday Shopping Party!Sunday, December 19, 12-6 pm
Jesus gave up his spirit to the hands of his Father; freely laying down that precious life of his which no man could take away from him.
A Stephen Donald penalty was all New Zealand had to show for their first-half effort, but they quickly struck back after the break, closing the gap to 17-13 after centre Conrad Smith sped through for a try in the 48th minute and Donald added the conversion and a penalty.
I swear I’ve never been a subject on Hoarders. I swear it.
35Because he says in another Psalm, You will not let your Holy One see destruction.
You know the refrain from inky-fingered editors: “We have to beat the idealism out of them”, when young graduates hit the newsroom.
My second go at an Arrogant Bastard clone. The first one got me my first ribbon. Yay! And it was dead on with the hop profile. My version was sweeter than the one in bottles, so I still had sugars where the professionals get theirs down further. The other fun thing is that it uses the same yeast as the Vanguard Red (brew #101) and so I threw this on that same yeast cake. BOOM! Within 8 hours, it blew the top on the fermenter and "painted" my beer closet. What fun to go and wipe down the walls, door, ceiling of the closet and then wipe down all the other equipment in the closet too.
Time had ceased to be comprehensible to William. Only the lyrics kept him company.
I need too finish it with a sentiment, but as always I will leave that till the last minute.
I'm still feeling pretty stoked about yesterday's 8K. I ran the Vancouver Harry's Spring Run-Off -- organized to "Give Prostate Cancer the Finger" -- with two of my sisters. I usually prefer to run longer distances, figuring I have stamina but not speed. But I'm discovering that my training is beginning to yield some of the latter, and yesterday, feeling strong throughout the race without pushing too hard, I came in 3rd in my age/gender category (Women 55-59). 42 minutes, 15 seconds, which means my kilometre pace over the distance was under 5.5 minutes. And I suspect I could better if I wore a watch, paid attention to splits, etc. It's good to realize, at almost 59, that you can be good at things you never imagined yourself doing.
The weekend came and went. Both girls described the concert as “amazing” and “the best time ever” as they walked to school.
I want to thank those kind readers – both Pete’s and mine – who voted for us. Watch this space.
Hope everyone is enjoying the book and we'll see you back next week! (hopefully!)
federal-state-county- municipal, due to the Federal Project of Credit,
How Mobile Phone Tracking Works?
I know all too well this is not an easy task. Believe me I know. If I've not got headache, I'm stuck in bed. If I'm not stuck in bed I'm wrapped up on the sofa feeling like I have been run over by a bus. However I have found if I apply a little time for myself doing something I enjoy or find fun I often find my symptoms are less & my recovery time from said activity is a lot quicker.
I am not a threat to anybody except myself.
For a $5 donation, donors would get a fab picture of themselves in a tutu.
I went. I saw. I screamed. What a load of tosh it was! I know the following lines will make me sound about a hundred and twenty years old. Yet, they must be said: in my days, people were just NOT allowed to send out such pointless nonsense. We used to strive to get the words, grammar and content right. And crisp. I am not saying it was all top notch. However it was never this terrible either. We had a sense of pride and satisfaction about a job done well.
Building on each moment of our agony, we drank from its murky well. Taking big, thirsty gulps, we saturated our bodies with sorrow and self pity. We thought of our youth and mourned its death, teetering on the edge of victimhood, ready to plunge in the protective harbor it offered. But the life carried on, and on the background of war we began to create our narrative of normalcy.
Scan your heart for the darkest part. Send a letter to the congregation. You, you really don't mind
We of course adored Across the Universe, and named our annoying brother and sister dogs Max and Lucy after the siblings on the movie. (I feel confident in telling you their names because they don’t listen to a damn thing I say so if you come to the Compound with malicious intent they could very well bite your face off even if you do know their names. So there.) I enjoyed all of the songs, but TV Carpio’s version of the pop-y cheerful song turned sorrowful and longing is just gorgeous. She did it so wonderfully.
The tragedy of it all is that the correct economic policies are ignored, the bad economic policies are claimed to have never been implemented and the truly dangerous economic policies are becoming the standard approach to solving policy issues.
As it turned out, the owner of the ship, who insisted on making the trip, suffered the most loss. The ship with all its cargo was a total loss according to verse 41. Through it all, no lives were lost however. Isn’t it ironic that the world, thinking it has all the answers, is headed for destruction?
She returns with a deconstructed business envelope and says, "I just pulled this one apart and noticed how it's a parallelogram, then I made another one, but small."
Tom Dyche
Some additional findings...
No, you don’t get to threaten to “stomp” a segment of your constituency just for being around, then claim you “never said anything about violence.” You did, on the record, to a reporter. And then you immediately reiterated that you would in fact attempt violence and don’t regret saying so.
ROEPER REVIEW. We received a hot tip via listserv that several articles from this esteemed journal are available free of charge at the Taylor & Francis Online website. The articles include on on the neurobiological foundations of giftedness; personal goal setting for gifted underachievers; gender bias in gifted referrals; and others. Find the articles on the right side of this page.
I find it very amusing that they can't find some girl who, well, looks more like Uma Thurman. But hey. I like people that aren't picky.
He was silent for a few moments. There was something that he was going to say; also I had the feeling that his inner intensity was too powerful for the medium of words. I had no idea what was coming, but I knew something was about to happen. Silently he was holding my eyes with his dark burning look. Then with an extremely tense voice, he exploded, “You know, I think that those people who go about helping other people .. .” He stopped— then, with an even more piercing gaze, he spat out the next words like bullets of contempt: “those people … they are a curse!”
The plain truth so vividly explained in the Gītā, which is the central lesson of the Vedas, is not understood or even suspected by the most powerful scholars of the empiric schools. Herein lies the secret of Śrī Vyāsa-pūjā. When we meditate on the transcendental pastimes of the Absolute Godhead, we are proud to feel that we are His eternal servitors, and we become jubilant and dance with joy. All glory to my divine master, for it is he who has out of his unceasing flow of mercy stirred up within us such a movement of eternal existence. Let us bow down at his lotus feet.
On the opposite coast, the 2012 National Canadian Celiac Association Conference is taking place from May 25 – 27 in Kelowna, B.C. Looks like there will be lots of interesting speakers and topics, so if you’re in the area, it might be worth a visit!
This is just a quick post, a few sneak peaks of what I've been working on.
Once it has matured, crush it,
My neighbour Brenda and her son Rick probably have no idea how they've been affecting me lately. You see, they got a new puppy three weeks ago and whenever they walk by our yard they always stop for a chat and visit so that I can have my "puppy fix". There is nothing like a new puppy's snuggles to brighten my day!
'It did sting. It was really painful. But bearing the pain is part of the competitiveness .'
I feel like God has really been working on my perspective lately in my alone time, in my conversations with my Sweets, and through a book called Crazy Love that our Sunday school class is reading right now. I want to share a little bit about that with you and how it affects this blog.
Fire dazzled Rel as he awoke, dragged out of sleep by the hard edge on Taslin's whisper. His first thought was that he was still at home, the house burning. Something of his dream lingered, the sense of squeezing against a wall to escape the flames.
The second one is my first pantograph that I think is good enough to actually at least donate. It's called Flipping ferns. I think I"m actually getting better, but still need more practice. I have a chair on wheels now and that seemed to help a lot. It's pretty hard to quilt when your looking at paper and not the quilt! This one is made of flannel, both sides, nice and snugly.
I usually feel relieved when I admit I am depressed. It's like suddenly falling into a deep hole and not knowing what exactly preceeded it. I never seem to know how I ended up there. There I find myself and at first I don't even realize what's wrong. I just feel extreme discomfort. It's good to give it a name once I've figured out what it is. It's even better to talk about it.
Scoop the batter into the prepared pan and smooth out the top. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 hour to 1 hour and 10 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted one inch from the center comes out clean.
We need to do a better job at making sure that our parents know what’s best for their kids.
That’s tied with Spain for the highest of any country in the survey . . . the global average is 44%.
Tim Holtz Weathered Clock, Gathered Gears Alterations collection with Sizzix
The rule for this award is that it can only be passed to one person, and it should be someone who does great work but has struggled in some manner recently. Also, the recipient must say something nice about their own writing. So, to fulfill that request, I will say that despite my imperfections, I feel that writing comes very naturally to me. I never feel that I struggle with it or lack ideas. Now if only I could become much better at it! I'm passing this along to Roland Yeomans.
Two sessions will be held Saturday, June 23 from 12 to 5 p.m. and Sunday, June 24 from 12 to 5 p.m. at Little 5 Points Community Center, 1083 Austin Avenue Northeast, Atlanta, GA 30307.
(6) In biblical times, writers who had some conception of a subject they wished to give expression to would turn naturally and as a matter of course to a traditional literary form as a vehicle for doing so.
Excuse my french! But its been a HELL of a day! I won`t go into any detail, but talk about stress! If I`m not all gray under that hair color then no one is.
* Shenzen
It really doesn't matter how long you quilt, or if you even get a project done. The key is just getting on your machine every day.
But Paris, he murmurs,
I started scouting about a week before my season started. Around here, there are a lot of birds in agricultural fields that border woods. I work on public lands, though, so I wanted to hunt in one of the areas where we’ve worked to improve turkey habitat. It’s a prettier spot, but also more challenging because they don’t necessarily follow the rigid patterns that develop in farmlands where they have consistent food sources and less danger from predators.
At the Vatican, Borgia’s called aside by della Rovere, who tells Borgia that, if he were a different man, della Rovere would vote for him. Borgia’s been a good vice chancellor, and the skills that made him good at that would serve the papacy well, but Borgia’s also lacking in honesty and other qualities della Rovere thinks are necessary in a pope, so he plans to fight Borgia to the end. Borgia calmly says he tends to win any battles he fights, but after all, this is in God’s hands.
It’s a primitive forum, old by internet standards. No graphics, no user icons even, just text. That’s all they need. Here they share stories, fantasies, the dark and the forbidden. He scans the titles one by one, eyes flickering in the dark from one to the next.
Treachery. No man likes to be used and abused. No man likes to find that he has been played the fool, mistreated, used. To find that he has been made to turn brother against brother.
Musician Daniel José Older wrote a contemporary opera Murder in Old Crow Hill, about a young girl who is accused of murdering a police officer in 19th century Brooklyn and sent to prison at the Kings County Penitentiary, a real institution that was built in Crown Heights in 1846.
FH: Yes, in late August I’m just getting all my show cards organised, and then I’ll be liaising with the Gateway Theatre about seating, and then there is my big job - my head list. I take each event apart and note what is required - then take it to the committee for them to sign on the line what they are going to do - who is going to meet the authors, introduce them, give the vote of thanks, who is going to be on duty, do we need a float, will there be drinks - looking after all aspect of the events.
Send news tips and comments to mikael_ricknas@idg.com
Also meanwhile also, I've gotten to Book II of Our Mutual Friend. Mr Headstone has just been introduced. With a name like "Headstone," you know he's going to be an important character, with his head full of facts and figures about which he seems to feel absolutely nothing. Stone head. Headstone. Get it? Clever Mister Dickens. I wish I had his way with character names. I always end up plundering Butler's Lives or history books.
It would be a different matter if we could be reasonably sure that the “spaces of autonomy” could persist and flourish, that they wouldn’t just devolve into battlegrounds. But Graeber doesn’t believe that any more than I do.
Swiss replica watches are styled down to look exactly the same in every outward detail as the original watches. It is wise to buy replica watch instead of the authentic watch for most people.
Can pick up; but friend, it's unforgivably late
b) no change
Geneva Platinum is a brand with a longstanding reputation, and for good reason. They've spent decades releasing beautiful, interesting, different designs that don't break the bank - so men and women everywhere can enjoy their stunning and functional timepieces. Got a guy who could really use a new watch? He'll love the Geneva Platinum Men's Quartz Black Rectangular Case Strap Watch. Unlike the average watch, which features a round face, this timepiece utilizes two separate rectangular faces combined as one - so you can stand out from the crowd. Imagine, a men's watch that looks as good as it feels! No more big bulky watches or ones that cost as much as a new car. Geneva Platinum prides itself on releasing great designs that don't cost an arm and a leg. This watch features a rectangular case as well as simulated leather strap. Numerals can be found around the dial and the time is kept with a Japanese quartz movement. Chic, different, and functional, this watch is a great buy and makes a great gift.
One of Butch’s cronies lunged at him, and Malcolm nimbly sidestepped the attack.
The Bad: Look closer, see those nasty little spears forming? Those are seeds which are going to end up sticking to your polyester bell bottoms or your pet wombat’s fur.
Also, please feel free to forward this information to your family and friends who you think might be interested in our products.
Hello Friday, my sweet, sweet friend!! It's been crazy around these parts lately, and my head is a whirl with activity today, so I'll just throw it all out there. Here's what's up this weekend at Casa Sugarplum.
I guess that the current holders will have another German beer drinking adventure. This time it’s in Gelsenkirchen. At least I got one thing right about my Inter/Chelsea fantasy prediction. I wrote that a team having a blue pigment in its jersey would qualify for the semis. Schalke like the Chelsea I predicted have a “blue” pigment on their jersey.
Broil the tomatoes until they’re blackened all over.
chem=y;
The Stamping Boutique is sponsoring Gingersnap Creations Challenge to use baby wipes on your creation. I used baby wipes to create my background paper. And the theme is childhood joys, and I have always had fond memories of my rocking horse - so that's how I choose today's image.
But I guess people who have turned themselves into lightning quick therapists, or others who talk to the mix up in my brain so that the cells up there certainly get so scared of these silly things that they kick the XMRV or whatever viruses is causing this delightful ME chappy to ruin my life, out of my system.
No mess No fuss.....lights in two seconds and no soot to clean....
over! I am truly blessed and God is so good!
To my readers, wishing everyone a Happy New Year!
The intelligent teen or adult who encounters this book will find a wonderfully written story that explores the limits of human compassion and what compassion means and what compassion costs.
IF I were more organised, and I was a member of the bloggy circle who produced beautifully crafted and seasonal wonders, I might be tempted to do a 'how-to' here. But as it is, I am not, and my pictures aren't great, it leans terribly to the left, and my children did things their own way, with as much sellotape as possible. Isn't that what its all about though? I'm very proud of their efforts- come and have a look!
Among her organization’s accomplishments, she highlighted a full-page ad in The New York Times that, much like her rhetoric, encourages Catholics to abandon their faith. She called it a “speak truth to power” moment and claims that it wasn’t meant to be offensive.
And with this, ladies and gentlemen, we´re almost there - add your velcro to the front and to the flap, and go out with your shiny new wallet. Show it to everybody and tell them how cool recycling is :)
Millie xx
Saturday: 12 – It was the last double digit run of training, and for some reason it was a lot tougher than it should’ve been! B was still hurting so only made it three, but I was determined to complete the whole run. The achilles pain was acting up – maybe I’m still recovering from last week’s 20 miler?
* South African rape of both white women and men is the highest in the world. Nowhere is this crime more prevalent. It is a victory dance on the ruins of a submitted people only the people that are responsible for any grievance claims are untouchable or long gone.
Why? Well, it sort of intimates that the Pals. were violent, a point that usually got lost in many media stories.
Used some blue mirri card and red and white striped paper. Coloured image with promarkers and the sentiment are some small rubber stamps. Use a sprelli and a blue gem. Kept the layout really plain as it is a boys card.
In the book, Potts writes that this is what Jennet said:
Sometimes, I discovered, you have to think back to front, down instead of up, sideways instead of straight ahead.
Until Blossom."
MaryBeth and her husband, John, have a beautiful home on Hull Bay with views of downtown Boston. The two have worked meticulously to create a warm and inviting environment. We arrived in the late afternoon for an overnight stay. MaryBeth settled us into what they call The Nautilus Room. Comfy luxury enveloped us. The room was perfectly appointed with views of the bay. Sail away, sail away, sail away!
Working with Director Tony Schiller
1 Peter 5:6-7
I am the author of a fantasy romance trilogy, Kingdom of Arnhem - Woman of Honor (2009), Knight of Glory (2010), and Champion of Valor (2011) published with Desert Breeze Publishing. Fifteen of my short works have appeared in various anthologies, including Mertales by Wyvern Publications, and many collections by Pill Hill Press.
Aside from not enjoying the women dancing naked (I like tank-tops - but these didn't have tank-tops on) I got a terrific kick out of seeing one of the judges, Lilia Estefan, who highly resembled Jane Lynch. Mind you it took me a good hour to think of Miss Lynch's name while trying to explain to my girlfriend who this woman looked like. I guess my latino and american brains are completely separate. Anyway, terrific fun. So let me know if you agree at all.
Yarn: Berroco Comfort Worsted
dreaming of France is something I do well-hehe.
It's been quiet here at Best Family Adventures not for lack of activity, but due to major changes here on the Central Coast. We're off the road indefinitely as we enter another new adventure: life in our new country home.
You’re the sweet pain of bliss.
The deal? It's the high season for pomegranates, and always the season for macaroons.
In the words of Gloria Gaynor:
In this life you will know
So what is it that makes poor drinkers in the north more likely to drink themselves to death than affluent drinkers in the south, who on average drink more? Oh, that's too hard. That might involve addressing the societal, cultural and economic problems that are the REAL reasons some people drink harmfully.
to which the dwarf replied
Tactical momentary-on forward click switch
5. Cool Town Rock
These are available at DSW should they strike your fancy. I quite like the pattern but not for shoes. It would make a lovely wrapping paper or print on a cuff bracelet maybe. It's just too much, too cartoonish and rather hideous on hidden platform clogs.
Just wanted to make that clear from the beginning that this is my ultimate stance on the matter.
he rescues me and reminds me of why i love him.
She allegedly lost consciousness when one of the policemen slammed her head into the dashboard while her husband was inside the police station. There were two policemen in the car with her when her husband was inside the station.
I will let you know the results of my inquiry. And I promise to balance my prejudice with the opinions of my TV-loving business partner and husband.
Teaser from the vignette entitled “Forget My Soul”:
I mean come on—it came with a bone-shaped cookie cutter! And I checked out the ingredients—no preservatives or other bad things. And made in the U.S.A., which is a big plus for me.
“But, what is the moral of the story?”
Wow! It tasted a lot like peach cobbler, thanks to the blended granola and the spices. This kept me full for my one-hour bike ride around town after work. And it has way less calories than real pie! Next time, I'll use a little less cloves. But other than that, perfect!
A group of students once asked if they could give a presentation about “Sex”. To give them credit, they did make a vain attempt to bamboozle me with words like ‘strategy’ and ‘industry’ in their question! Nice try, guys! In fact, as I paused before answering I thought of all the different ways in which the lesson could get out of control. I had cold shivers as I imagined what might be on the contents of their PowerPoint or worse, what video clips or pictures they could bring in.
Imogen: You're being Cinderella.
Hello from way back in February!! How crazy can it be that so much time went by at such a fast pace? Here I am looking at the month of April, aka, My Birthday Month, or when the sun opened up and bestowed a greatness to the earth...okay, kidding, kidding. Anyway, the important thing is it is April, not ice and cold February, and all things are full steam ahead! Except for my blogging.
And don’t you know I’m not your ghost anymore?
04 I've Told Every Little Star 4:40
CR: I learnt a lot from my collaboration with Brook and Abbado. I was young enough, 23 years old, and could absorb all that an artist has to learn after studying the vocal technique for years searching for perfection. From Abbado I learnt the interpretative musical rigour, the Mozart style that must be impeccable and cogent, but also rich in musical nuances and thousand of colours. And then the use of the word and the consonant in the recitative. From Brook I learnt a very important thing he would always repeat us during a whole year of Don Giovanni on tour performance: “Forget you are an opera singer”. I cried at this at the beginning, then I understood that by detaching from myself I would let the right space for the character to seize me, and the voice would come out more freely. Still now, when I am on stage, I am Donna Anna for three hours. I cry, I love, give way to despair as she would do. Finally… I come back to Carmela only in my dressing room. He taught me that Freedom is Truth on Stage. And this has to go through minimalism and simplicity.
This shit ain't easy.
XML is a markup language that helps you to define and use tags to describe content.
Commissioner William Elliott, a career Ottawa bureaucrat appointed to lead the force three years ago, has frequently vowed to make his force more “progressive.” He claims to have changed the composition of the force somewhat, but figures show the Mounties' ranks are still only 20 per cent female, 7 per cent visible minority and 7 per cent aboriginal.
None of this is SO bad, but it is just a reminder that real food, like real life, can be complicated, and that planning ahead is critical!
Although, as Yorkshiremen would say, “Newt’s all mouth and no trousers”, meaning he’s bombast without substance.
ISBN: 9780761365679; Published January 2012 by Carolrhoda; Borrowed from the library; Purchased for the library.
While I rode him in Cowgirl, my chest started hurting. My back was so tight that the knotted muscles were reflecting pain into my chest. We changed positions and were able to reach a satisfactory conclusion, but the fact that my tense back interfered with sex bothered me.
ALL INGREDIENTS AND METHODS ARE SUBJECT TO PERSONAL CHOICE, BUT WITH BAKING BE CAREFUL TO USE THE EXACT MEASUREMENTS…
Where do I email my submissions to:
1 monstrosities
and Martha Cooper 69 years
Johnnie Boden is still writing to me! I’m so touched, because I haven’t actually bought anything from him for quite a while now. Not since my red leather tote bag and the espadrilles I had to send back because they were too small.
- almond meringue cookies (by our friend, Sukma)
I must point out that SXSW is a short 2 months away....March 14 - 18, 2007.
So, now it's a new week and I've started it off with the strength training workout I described last week. Except we also skipped the mountain climbers. Tonight I'll get in a run and then who knows what else the week will bring!
ROM 1:25 Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
That night, I prayed with Bill that he would always feel taken care of whether he is on earth with us or in Heaven with God... I want him to feel loved. I want him to always feel that. This evening, my mom called me and told me that they found a way to have my Grandpa live at his house with care. I can't explain my emotion other than I felt so much relief for him. Life is so precious and fragile, and I'm so glad that he is going to spend his time at his home. He deserves that...
but great comfort that God knows.
Anyway, I'm using lines as they showed up on my word document (just in case you wonder why there are more than seven here).
So use this time of year, when closed toed shoes are a must, to ditch your square toe pumps and boring old boots, and invest in some shoes with bows.
Holding up one finger, Aurelius said, “This time around, you will keep that mosaic monstrosity out of the balcony.”
Avoid skipping breakfast if you’d like to get rid of weight. A lot of people make this error in their fervor to lose weigh quickly, but this strategy backfires on most that try it. The other is correct, as staying away from breakfast will only serve to create you hungrier throughout the day.
W. What makes you run late: I hate being late so Im pretty good at managing it.
65g plain flour
As I've mentioned before, I have a lot of broccoli in my fridge because of all the stems I need! I wish I could buy a beg of stems instead. But I ended up making a yummy marinated Asian broccoli salad for lunch.
5. Grapefruit scent will make middle aged women appear six years younger to men. The perception is not reciprocal and the grapefruit scent on men has no effect on women’s perception.
Stay Tuned
Here is the sum content of our interview with him:
Beth Whitley has finally put her life back together after her husband’s betrayal and is determined to piece together the clues to her past. But she never imagines an ancient scroll bearing the name of a Celtic ancestor will plunge her into a world of demonic ritual. Nor does she suspect that a kiss shared with genealogist Fintan McClaine will unveil the secrets of her dreams and a burning desire.
That means the mini origami boxes are out. It also means the yarn ball ornaments are out. Maybe I'll have to do something completely different than what I had thought of at first! Time will tell. I think my friend Kat had something on her blog that would work very, very well...and so I will think more on it.
The very concept of a "license" itself ought to have alerted the judge to the jurisprudentially flawed nature of his reasoning. In other words, the terms of the license between underlying artists and the sound recording company determines the extent to which a recording company is able to exploit the song, and particularly the underlying works.
Oyler said Steamworks "would certainly be interested" in a BPA-free can. "We believe the can is a solid container for beer and the benefits ... are still worth pursuing."
I think I’d also add Lindsay Lohan cuz that girl needs a good hug from someone who isn’t crazy. Which is why I’d have the husband hug her because we all know I’m not exactly the picture of sanity.
My God will take you higher than your dreams in Jesus name, because my God will fight for you, you will enjoy victory without a fight, because My God will promote you; you will enjoy success without a sweat.
happy to see his child go to a stranger to ask for money, food or clothing. It’s
It is fun to imagine.
Blargh....
Yes, Paul was fulfilling his apostleship, for God was providing the means so that he could do it. He is also providing the means for you to fulfil your ambassadorship. Are you aware of His leading and reacting accordingly?
I'm not a big fan of the egg custard, but I wanted to give this recipe a go. I made 1/4 of the recipe and that filled three mini-ramekins.
Is truly tangable
The 1 Saved By Grace
This is a difficult post for me to write, because I know so many people have worse problems going on than I do. But I'm writing it because I don't know what else to do.
We used my favorite seasonal flowers - peonies, roses, ranunculus and lilac - and pulled the rest from my garden. The big lesson here is that you can work with what's around your house or apartment to create something truly gorgeous. I learned so much while filming with Holly and I hope you find this video inspiring.
As the teacher at the drop-in center, I saw the kids who chose to come downstairs to my windowless rooms, lit by the strange blue light of my glowing computer screens, to let me poke and prod at their brains, filling in the gaps left by too many self-imposed "vacations" from school, too many schools in general (one kid had been in seventeen schools between the ages of five and fourteen) and too many years when their brains were simply in survival-mode, which left precious little time for learning.
blowing around. I love the idea of a snow globe that actually lights up! She gives a great step by step that looks so easy to duplicate!
Step 14: Freak out because I didn't prewash anything. D'oh!
3) Spend more time Hiking the Applachian Trail with my husband. (The ZenHusband has already pledged his strong support for this one. In fact, he suggests it should be #1. Go figure.)
The deadly monotony of primitive music -- the endless repetition of a few notes and of a rhythmic pattern that beats against the brain with the regularity of the ancient torture of water drops falling on a man's skull -- paralyzes cognitive processes, obliterates awareness and disintegrates the mind. Such music produces a state of sensory deprivation, which -- as modern scientists are beginning to discover -- is caused by the absence or the monotony of sense stimuli....
pouring out your heart before The LORD. It’s not the kind of prayer where you
"And the cover will look like this."
But that's a given, right? Especially when your mom takes non-prescribed narcotics and ruins the 6th Christmas in a row.
However, outside the store I struck up an acquaintance with a local woman named Shirley. I showed her some of the printouts I had made from web articles about ul-Fuqra, and she was very interested; she proved to have a wealth of local lore on the subject.
Her most recent installation featured her friend, Kim's studio at "Bitty Bits & Pieces". Each photo was better than the last, and by the time I finished reading, I was green with envy! (I want some of those thimble pots!) You'll have to go to the link (her blog name) to read the post to see what I'm talking about. Warning: You'll want some, too!
I repeat, archaeology is one of the most important fields for the understanding of ourselves, and better yet, the betterment of ourselves, so that we may have better and brighter futures.
Acid is necessary in preserving not only for flavor and texture, but in preventing bacterial growth. In making pickles, acid is an important part of the fermentation process. In fruit preserves, lemon juice is typically used as the acid, while vinegar is more common in vegetable preserves. Preserves made with low-acid foods must be processed in a pressure canner to prevent any bacteria from growing
I, for one, am thrilled it's Friday.
Until the day he was kidnapped.
The winning prize will be a whole April Digi Release!! (The winner will be announced over the SNS Digi Challenge Blog on Friday, April 27th.)
John is baffled. "But dad, I moved out five years ago. In fact, this is the first time I've been back." He looks over at mother, who shrugs and says, "You know dear, your brother has his own business. He set up an accountancy firm."
And, as in your hearts, mothers,
I Tiresias, old man with wrinkled dugs
That’s what happened to me last year. Since then, however, I’ve gotten rid of 2 of those burnt orange shoes and purchased two pairs of nudes and I’ve started checking out my shoes, not just for colors, but styles. Most people have a particular style they prefer (I tend to like closed toe stilettos, doesn’t matter if it’s a round, square, or pointed toe – it’s more about the heel for me… but for other people, it’s more about the toe or they like a bigger or chunkier heel than I do.), but even with your preferences, it’s best to have a few items that go away from the norm. Just recently, I bought two pairs of wedges because I noticed that out of all the shoes I had, I only had 2 wedges in my closet and one of them needed to go to the shoe doctor on U Street. Que horible!
Have I mentioned that I am a bad globber? I am. I don't take photos of all of the mail I receive and immediately post it. Sorry.
We spend more but have less.
Since showering generates my “great ideas,” I tried to retain this one the best I could because it was kind of funny.
So many more gardeners are blogging now, and it's hard to keep up. I abandoned the notion of adding more blogs to my blog's sidebar. There. Are. Too. Many. Again, Facebook can be a time saver in the sense that you aren't obliged to post anything but you can still keep in touch with friends far and near. And meet new ones in that weird past meets the present, Friends of Friends Facebookey way.
I'm thinking about purchasing this dude here:
And of course these can be gained in ANY school of horsemanship!
Ener-G Egg Replacer – 1 1/2 tsp
The pokiness, the untidiness, and the absence of any aesthetic value only seemed to intensify my desire.. Thre was nothing there to inhibit me, by reminding me of my life and the world. It was as though I became someone else in that room, an object in Ivona's chaotic collection of treasured and neglected knickknacks.
A few days ago I posted about how good I was at procrastinating, and how I was having trouble motivating myself without a deadline. Some of you were kind enough to come back to me a couple of days later and ask me how I’d been getting on, and I had indeed managed 1,400 words. I haven’t written anything else on that particular project since, as editing is hard and requires brain power, but I’m working on a new writing project (a murder mystery involving contract killers and some incredibly red herrings), of which I’ve written 1,813 at the time of working on this post. Result!
made a beeline for the pile of eggs.
That would leave Goldstein $2.18 million or $2.37 million. That's approximately double what a commensurate apartment would cost.
Architect: Simos Vamvakidis
...But back to this Tova girlfriend of his. She will look and smell like a flower child, braids in her hair, leather sandals on her aforementioned biggish feet, she will wear some kind of woven hippie purse. Eau de Patchouli will waft from her unshaven armpits. But her peacenik look will confuse me, because she will actually HATE PEACE. She will do things like call Palestinians "animals." She will be loudly thankful for the support the US gives Israel, which allows the Jewish State to amass one hell of a motherfucking Defense Force.
Interestingly, the women all caught my sense of humor in that same response and laughed. He did not. Guys......
In that confusion, desperate parents prescribed anything they thought would better their children, from random drugs to shroud local herbs.
If you could invite some book characters or authors to dinner, who would you choose and why?
I try to get them to talk about their lives and their world - instead of just repeating the lines about shoppes, prices and places in their textbooks. The last 2 assignments I gave: write a story about yourself and your day.
Photographs and stories will appear in the near future, but at present I'm looking forward to the return of the Dillster, who has been for a fortnight's sojourn with the lemurs in Madagascar. I've asked her to look out for, and photograph, my all time favourite insect- the giraffe necked weevil (!) and now I'm on tenterhooks to see whether she's pulled it off. I'm guessing not, but the long suffering one seldom fails to surprise me.
Thankfully, the "Sunshine" Law is in full effect in Florida, so we will be able to see this trial play itself out in HD.
This time around consumers want to have conversations with us and "co-create." All we have to do is give them "compelling content" and get all social with them.
Jeffrey Armstrong/Kavindra Rishi, poet and Vedic astrologer, author of Karma, the Ancient Science of Cause and Effect
Important Dates:
Intern: “The one with the space guys?”
Sand the pad of the post to rough up the metal and make the glue stick better. Sand the plastic where you plan to glue the pad.
If anything, there is a lot to be learned on the long tail from the growth of mobile phones (cell phones), and importantly, we have a much longer timeframe graph to compare the growth of the mobile phone to the growth of the ebook. Market saturation is not something you are going to hear for a long time with ebook devices, but the day will come, because the history of Apple and Microsoft in the computer operating system war will tell you a thing or two about controlling content. For so long, Microsoft believed controlling the device made you king, but in the long tail Apple showed that content was king with their 'app' for anything drive.
The surviving Night Elves converted to Druidism, and any practice of Arcane magic was forbidden. But the Highborne were still addicted to magic far deeper than those Night Elves who had lived further from the influence of the Well, and they spent much of their time seeking out new sources. Eventually, the leader of the Highborne confronted Malfurion and the Druids, declaring them cowards for their shunning of Arcane magic.
It is a fact, which no one will deny, that the crime of rape was substantially unknown during the period of slavery, and was hardly known during the first years of freedom: it is the fatal product of new conditions. Twenty-five years ago women in the South went unattended, with no more fear of attack than they have in New England. To-day, no woman in the South goes alone upon the highway out of sight of white men, except on necessity, and no man leaves his women alone in his house if he can help it. Over 500 white women and children have been assaulted in the South by Negroes within that time. (T.N. Page, 1904)
Until next time, remember, you can do all things through Christ Jesus!
I love seeing their mission and vision becoming a reality and heavily active in the communities they work with. I was inspired from Heifer’s vision and mission to adapt a personal mission for my life.
Is it just a weakness or a disease when one keeps adding more colours to a travel palette? Maybe it's insecurity: what if I need my manganese blue? It could be a case of conspicuous consumption: Darling, these aren't even all my watercolours.
I'll have one more post when my distress markers come in. See I have something to look forward to.
By Angela Peregoff
The Pamodzi deal was the first large empowerment deal to be financed by the Land Bank — and was questioned by the bank’s own auditors, Ernst & Young, the Sunday Times has established.
You’ll know what I’ve done now. I’d apologise, but it’d be futile. I know you’ll think less of me and I’m sorry about that, but I can’t possibly stay. I didn’t fight and survive to sit in sheltered domesticity with a wife and a child. I didn’t even intend to stay in England. I admit I’ve made mistakes, but I can’t allow those mistakes to trap me here for the rest of my life just because you want me to be a better man than I am. My people are fighting for our land, and I need to be part of it.
In celebration of the FOUR years that ODBD has been giving glory to God, and growing as a significant player in the stamping world, we decided to try to pick our FOUR ALL TIME FAVORITE ODBD sets, and to use at least one on our project today. Yikes!!! How can I possibly just choose 4? Well.... if I have to, I have listed here what I believe are :
I’m not a Catholic, as I previously said, but I am a romantic. The papal visit fills me with a sense of occasion, a sense of history. I fail to see how one could not be moved by the whole thing, unless one had a soul of clay. For the first time in our history, in the history of Christianity itself, the head of the Catholic Church came to our island on an official visit. More than that, he gave a speech in Westminster Hall, in the very place where Thomas More stood trial for his life, holding to a simple principle that there was a higher duty than duty to the state. More, as a Catholic, believed in miracles. Even so he could never have conceived that the miracle of time and of circumstance would bring the successor of Saint Peter to a place where he once stood alone.
So, will there be retouching? A little. Estee Lauder spokesperson Tara Weisenberg described it as "minor." Damn.
I also hear this woman say, “I miss you like you can’t imagine,” to the man on the other end of the line. I can even see her smile as she whispers words of comfort and security. I smile when I hear her laughter, the soft laughter which I am sure makes that person far away smile dreamily as well. That person far away whom I cannot hear no matter how much of myself I immerse in this little corner in my head. I cannot hear what he says to make her eyes light up like they do at such moments, but I know it must be much more than I can imagine when she tells him, “I don’t have to dream of you; you are my dream.” I wish I can hear those words when I am outside of my head.
Preheat oven to 400. Spray a 13X9 baking dish with cooking spray.
Why was this good? Because the local River-god (Can't have a river without one) came up to warn and help Psyche. He told her that the sheep were vicious and strong enough to kill her easily, but there was a way to get their precious wool.
I would argue that Mr Glasman knows considerably more about the peoples which he affiliates himself with; this analysis wholly disregards the inconvenient tribal rather than class-based conflict from which true English hero Alfred the Great emerged as a beacon of English nationhood.
One day, an evil sorcerer disguised himself as a poor boy. He told the girl that his mother was sick, and he didn’t know what to do. The girl said “I’ll get you a fruit and you can use its power to heal your mother.” The girl climbed the tree, got one fruit, went back down, and gave it to the boy. In an instant, the boy changed into an evil sorcerer. “Hahahaha,” he said, his evil laugh resonating throughout the woods, “I have tricked you. Now I will become the most powerful sorcerer on earth!” He took a bite from the fruit, and he turned into a really good boy.
The Herald went to the courts to force department MEC Mlibo Qoboshiyane, who doubles as ANC provincial spokesperson, to release the report.
See, it's all punk rock in the end.
II Cor. 3:17 Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
Barry Edward Fraser April 3, 1943 to July 20, 2010. Rest soundly, my love.
As stuff becomes their days.
As always keep it simple and snappy! Oh and we promise to get off the soapbox for a spell.
So is it true that you really only see me?
Mama’s tears came while waiting for you here,
Obama’s poll numbers continue to sink. This includes amongst reliably Democratic supporters such as Jews and African-Americans?
The full letter:
Preheat the oven to 180C. Place the ricotta, rind, basil, oregano, parsley, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well to combine. Use a sharp knife to cut a slit in the side of each chicken breast to create a pocket. Spoon the ricotta mixture into the pockets. Place the chicken in an ovenproof dish. Add the tomatoes, garlic and stock and bake for 25 mins or until the chicken is cooked through. Sprinkle with basil to serve.
Go to your blog's dashboard and "add a widget". You will want an "html/javascript" widget.
Amidst all the distrust of the political process and those who have been elected to public office, we as Christians nonetheless have a special, God-given responsibility. Romans 13:1-5 says, “Let every soul be subject to the governing authorities. For there is no authority except from God, and the authorities that exist are appointed by God . . . Therefore you must be subject. . .” So in spite of whatever our political leanings may be, let us instead purpose in our hearts to be obedient to the Scriptures. Let us choose to be submissive to those who are in authority over us.
It's sad though that it will seemingly take the near total annihilation of life on Earth to stop civilization once, and hopefully, for all.
So, he knighted me and arranged for our wedding to take place after a big tournament the king was throwing in Pangalia. We met King Alderic, who had me swear fealty, and that was it -- I was a noble. Lord Tathis gave me a tiny province on his southern border with Laithtaris and Vimar Keep.
These are all formulas that we need to memorize. We will also need to know how to do surface areas, but we don’t need to memorize them, so it will simply be plugging the correct numbers into the equation that will be written on the board for us.
It's not that I've had nothing to say, and it isn't that I haven't been bursting with the urge and intent to write...no, the problem has been at the bio-chemical level. The act of writing for me has usually been an act of capturing, harnessing and transcribing into words my mind's equivalent of fleeting musical notes -- all I've had to work with these days, however, is my mind's equivalent of a steady dial tone. O distant uncooperative muse...
**This is where I have the best line…EVER**
Again came his famous answer, "I don't know."
And Mike Daisey's story is about technology - the cult of Apple and Steve Jobs. And he is telling two stories, from two different ends of the supply chain.
Montreal-based Canadian progressive gem...side 1 includes only one long(19'54")track entitled "Mann Made" , which is very interesting,mixing progressive,classical and elctronic music with spooky and dreamy organ passages,acidy guitarleads,flute solos,harsh vocals...side 2 except "Keep On Moving" ,which utilises fast rhythms with horns and synthesizers contains more slow and melodic moments like "Country Company" and "Reflections" with a hypnotic mood... "Carnival" is a strong mid-tempo ballad,sounding like a combination of Tim Buckley and Tim Hardin, but with also harsh vocals...the cut called "Evolution" ,which is the album's highlight,features good rhythm and stunning lead guitar work with several similarities to Pink Floyd's music...
Pelargonium x domesticum Graziosa ‘Royal Salmon’ – Also know as Pansy geraniums, this compact cultivar features deep salmon pink petals with shell pink edges and a darker maroon base with veining. Martha Washington geraniums prefer loose, well-drained soil and require cool evenings (50-60F) in order to set buds. Grows 15-18″ high. Tender Annual.
U.S. Export Controls
Some of the treats left by Fairy Godparents (secret pals) went missing. How did the unschooling community respond? They came up with replacement treats and reminded each other that people who take are needy people.
The first step is to be sure you invest before you make a withdrawal. By this we mean, don’t just jump in with both feet and start asking for commitments. Remember, the point of social media is relationships, so a far better tactic is to start getting involved by establishing yourself as a resource.
1 lb. Weyermann Munich Malt
Leah
Well of that there is absolutely no doubt! but it's probably not age that causes my problems getting back in the swing of things, it's habit.
3.) Become a Fan of our Facebook Page leave a comment
Here's an easy way to make the dirt: Bake the cupcakes as directed on the box (BTW, toss the mix that comes with the box. Blegh! Buy your favorite brand instead!) Next, with your fingers, gently pull the top off of the muffin. Pipe in a little chocolate frosting. Return the top to the flower pot - UPSIDE DOWN! Press into place. Perfect dirt every time! Add a gummy worm.
Drowsy and lightly damp.
Anyway, I’d seen a lot of porn in my day already, so I just mimicked what I’d seen there. I went fast for a while, slow for a while, deep for a while, shallow for a while, to the right side, then to the left side, and I played with her clit with one of my hands. Gary Allen’s Nothing On But the Radio serenaded us from the radio as we had sex. I could see a clock from my position on the bed, and I know this is the big question everyone is wondering: we started at 11:17 and ended at 11:24. Seven minutes. The first time I had sex lasted seven minutes. Go me!
These circumstances and the fact that I do not appear, at all, on either of my parents’ 호적 (ho-juk, family register) gave the immigration officer a bit of a headache. He didn’t really know what to do and said he’d never had that situation before. He also said, if I had applied for the F-4 in Korea I would have been denied. This, above all else, confuses the crap out of me. Forgetting all of the particulars of who was what when I was born… if it were the case that I am ineligible for an F-4, why did the NY Consulate issue it to me? Someone has their requirements all messed up… you’d think for something like this it would be consistent, or at least they would only allow one of the institutions to issue the visa to prevent such mishaps. I’m also slightly inclined to believe that everything is actually okay and the NYC consulate knows what its doing and that my situation wasn’t fully explained to the immigration agent, but that doesn’t have anything to do with consulates or immigration offices.
- Built in Brooklyn returns to LaunchPad on Saturday for their first Craft Fair of 2012, offering local goodies of all sorts from 12-6pm.
I thought about copying and pasting the medical definitions and symptoms to try to give my reader an idea of what this all is and what it looks like, yada yada. But, I don’t think that would be an apt glimpse into my brain’s perception of the problem.
So here is a simple budget, which I have based on an average income for a mid thirties couple with two kids. The couple do not have degrees but are hard working and upwardly mobile:
Here is the real bumper though, for me, it seems. I heard the phrase “your birthparents loved you soooo much, that they . . . ,” and you can fill in the blank about placing me with parents who could provide well for me/give me what I needed. So, when I felt compelled (as never before) to seek out these birthparents who “loved me so much,” never in a million years did I expect to be rejected again. I thought they would be so happy that I found them, or that they had maybe been looking for me–that they would be as happy to know that I was alive as I was to find out from an initial report that they were alive.
Last night Felecia and I rinsed out our growler and walked to Laurelwood in hopes of trying their Fresh Hopped Kolsch. I read recently, on a blog that now alludes me, that guys at Laurelwood drove south in the Willamette valley and picked up a truckload of fresh hops which they rushed back to the brewery to transform into beer that very same day. This little story is very exciting for me, and I longed to enjoy the exploits of their hops odyssey.
Turmeric powder -1/4 tsp
-Likes to pee on people (we all have our talents, don't we?)
I guess I don't mind so much—it will give me an extra dose of giddiness when the sunshine and warmth returns.
--The game recognises and rewards math improvement, not just perfection. This builds confidence and propels children naturally towards complete mastery.
What beautiful Symmetry...
Dark, rustic and weathered patina forever bind an intricately carved Medieval style cross of pewter to an antique medicinal bottle of frosty patinaed pale aqua glass. Traces of earthly remnants cling to the inside of the bottle, serving as a reminder of its century long hideaway within the depths of the sea. Flashy iridescence adds an element of enchantment and surprise to the weathered feel of the piece. The Bottle reads, Pisos cure - Hazeltine & Co. - For Consumption"
WHOA. Where has the time gone?? These past 4 days have been so exciting and busy, they have literally flown by.
ORTM continues to broadcast, though the AFP report cited above suggests that shooting has taken place close to the ORTM studios. The usual 8 p.m. newscast does not come on, however; instead, a documentary is being aired.
I also have some other totally awesome news....... I've signed up to take another class with???? .......... Suzanne Dean.... Yeahhhhhhhhhh she is coming to one of my 'kind of' local craft stores. It's almost an hour away so when I take a trip there it's usually only once a month. I took a few of her Copic classes last year and what an awesome great time I had. She is so talented sweet and wicked funny.
Other than a conversation about masturbation, a lesbian kissing scene, and a brief topless sunbathing scene, the movie is appropriate for teens, while still having enough tension to keep older audiences interested. My only criticism with the film is that I would have added a bit more struggle with nature, because of the name of the film and it being a major theme that is not fully exploited.
“I want a proper school, sir, to teach reading and writing, and most of all thinking, sir, so people can find what they’re good at, because someone doing what they really like is always an asset to any country, and too often people never find out until it’s too late.” From I shall wear Midnight by Terry Pratchett
When thousands of protesters are expected to descend on Chicago this spring for the 2012 G8 and NATO summits, they will also be approaching the grounds of a National Special Security Event. That means disruptive activity, to whichever court has to consider it, will be a federal offense under the act.
In our last Seurat study, we found real life photos depicting his “Sunday Afternoon on the Ile de la Grande Jatte” and because his composition in “Bathers” is so formal and still, we decided to make a 3D model of this painting.
Ivy is super organized and that made my job so much easier throughout the planning process. We had such a great time planning it together, and everything looked beautiful on the day of from the flowers to the colored linens to the decor. Rachel Robertson flew in from O`ahu and took all of these wonderful photos; she was such a great gal to work with and her assistant Greg was great. We all had so much fun!
“Just off the coast of the northwestern United States, not even 100 miles from where we now sit, lies the Cascadia Subduction Zone. It stretches beneath the Pacific from Canada’s Vancouver Island down to northern California. There is evidence several massive quakes have erupted from this region over the past 3,500 years. Each was followed by a tsunami. It last happened at around 9:00 P.M. in the year 1700. To this day, it is believed to be one of the largest known quakes in history, and the subsequent tsunami ravaged the entire coast.
While the economy is covered by the business media, newspapers, magazines, and cable channels, it tends to get short-shrift in the mainstream media because there well may be a shortage of reporters who actually understand economic trends beyond the very obvious.
6........I teach......cough..... a craft class on a monday morning ...to a fab bunch of very eager crafters
Perform International Code calculation (i.e: ASME) to verify the pressure parts material selection.
Our trips always begin, though, with a coffee! There are lots of places in Lichfield calling themselves ‘coffee shops’, but one stands out above all others, mainly because of the building it serves out of.
Also happening today, the Red Hook Spring Flea!
As the director of a Croydon-based international business, she had contracts with technology giant IBM, accountants Deloitte and various banks across the Middle East.
And some quotes…
The MIT team’s biological system captures carbon dioxide at a higher rate, says Barbero.
Iain Jaques (Photofinale & Leicester Architecture Festival ): Re-imaging cities and neighbourhoods for walking, cycling and sustainable transport
Then there's the whole Coleman family!! I love all of them, from the sexy and smexy twins all the way down to the Coleman mom & dad. He even helped his son make a quilt!! *wipes tear away* LOL
She scooted close to my side, looking up at me like I was sharing directions to some kind of hidden treasure. I washed my hands, wiping off the remaining suds on a towel and turned to pick her up and hold her in my arms. She rested her head on the side of my neck, quiet, waiting for me to continue. I carried her to the living room and sat on our seen-way-better-days couch. I rested my chin on her head as the cushions sank further down into the frame.
(So there, Mother Nature!)
It is common, when speaking of God, to describe Him by certain characteristics. We say things like, “God is Love;” or, “God is All-Powerful;” or, “God is the Father.”
with the imagination to help us extend
Why? What am I doing wrong? I know it’s important to Believe, Know and Feel that you are receiving—which is what I’ve been doing—but I have received. I was feeling very panicky and stressed this morning. I wanted to cry. I didn’t want to allow my doubts to take over my positive attitude but I was really having to work hard at staying positive. I reminded myself that all was good, I was receiving, the money I needed was coming to me. But I was sad. I needed a pick-me-up.
A more recent study conducted to reevaluate JAMA’s findings in regard to renal failure was published in the Alternative Health Practitioner. Acknowledging that the “study leaves several questions unanswered,” the author reported both similarities and variations in the iridologists’ readings and concluded that the iridologist’s level of expertise is extremely important as well.
I've also picked up this lovely little display cabinet which will also be subjected to a coat of paint. But I think I'll keep this one - its already been awarded a spot in our bedroom.
Although I have seen this gig, it's not my recording. It's by a friend of mine,
My reputation and my character look inevitably different. That means that sometimes I will be sinning and look completely selfless, and sometimes I will be acting out of faith and it will look ungodly.
Much time has passed since we began this project, so we are extending the deadline to May 15 for new or updated personal impact essays, poetry, illustrations, photographs and other creative work inspired by Adam since the end of the Glam Nation Tour, December 2010.
Michael Kors Oversized Runway Watch in gold- If you follow me on twitter or instagram you would know that I stalked this watch out because it was sold out for a while at Nordstrom and Michael Kors. I have 2 other Michael Kors watches and think they are a fantastic quality and durability. They are a bit pricey, but they are beyond worth it. If you are a person who wears a watch every day like me, you will get years of use from it. The style is a classic, and I know I’ll be wearing it forever! I have also been stacking different bracelets and bangles on my wrist with it, a look that I also love!
1/2 -3/4 c breadcrumbs
Suggestions and/or criticisms welcome.
Today marks the kickoff of the blog tour for Sweet Evil, an absolutely fantastic paranormal young adult novel by Wendy Higgins, and I'm beyond excited to welcome Wendy to the blog today to answer a few questions! I can't put into coherent sentences how much I adored this book (I literally stopped and started my review over multiple times trying to adequately express my love), so I hope all of you add it to your lists immediately if it's not on there already!
a wail and a howl,
I was wearing the wrong bra for sitting in a police cell.
friday night was great. hot dogs by the campfire, a little talking and goofing off, then off to bed, where we all slept....well, like you do when you camp. not at all.
Directed by Fernando Trueba, the filmmaker responsible for the cult Cuban jazz documentary “Calle 54”, and designed by Javier Mariscal, a Spanish graphic artist and designer, the film is so true to life that at first you wonder why it wasn’t simply made as live action. An early car chase scene is so realistically done you actually find yourself flinching, but the quirky hand-drawn animation quickly wins you over.
happy to play on the presets, using the same noises & synths that everyone else does. Or you can break out into a better territory, learn how to put your own sounds together and make new and fresh sounds that sound nothing like anyone else.
I am planing on starting another wordpress for more of a personal, posting on things I love and enjoy. It will be on beauty, skin care, food, personal, Asian fashion, cuteness. I am calling it beYOUtiful: The beauty of life (if it’s not already taken)…..just a thought, not sure of what it will be titled yet.
11. Cramp Your Style
Get Excited
I have spent this week wondering when I would hear what happened – despite not being that old I do a great impression of an expectant grandmother! I was delighted today to hear that she did indeed have her home waterbirth and that HypnoBirthing had been a great support… and here is the little cutie himself:
Today’s verse is:
This is a 2007-08 Fleer Hockey Hot Prospects Hot Commodities 157 Tomas Vokoun - Panthers it is serial numbered on the front #199/999. Since Vokoun was traded to the Florida Panthers from the Nashville Predators on the day of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft this would be one of his first cards as a Panther.
Place strips in a medium saucepan. Cover with cold water, and bring to a boil over medium heat. Drain; repeat two more times with fresh water. This will take the bitterness out of the peel.
Sometimes our sorry's are small, for small things which only affected one person. In these situations the ripples don't travel very far, they move out and are then absorbed by the water and forgotten.
1 tool
“Yeah,” was all Connor could muster.
Most of my time is spent franticly trying to make money out of my creativity and to see it thrown onto a wall for everyone to see and enjoy was such a breath of fresh air. No tickets to buy, no strings attached, just Art for Arts sake.
This is my parents with my sis and I. I think we all scrubbed up rather well - especially as after all the looking for clothes for the kiddies I just grabbed stuff out of my wardrobe for the day. At the beginning is a blog of the Sweetpeas.
Though his press releases at the time of his horror films make great play of his interest in the occult, Raven was a Christian, albeit with a keen interest in comparative religions and esoteric dogma. His often troubled relationship with religion informs most of his sculptural work, as well as Disciple of Death, his most personal film.
The moral of the story is that the people aren’t voting for anything that happens in government, aside from the local and state initiatives on the ballot that are, inevitably, either changed later by state legislation or are struck down by – you guessed it – the BAR Association in the government contracted court system (the private corporation called the BAR is contracted by government to make and adjudicate the law). The reality is that the people have no vote for anything at all but the choice of who their slave-masters will be, and even that is decided on digital machines that have been proven over and over to be easily rigged in fixed elections.
Dried Agar-agar strips, 1 packet, 1.5 oz
Concept: On a high school science class field trip to a physics lab to witness an experiment, something goes horribly wrong and it looks like the 30+ kids of one class are in mortal danger, but it seemingly comes to nothing and everyone is safe.
I bought an instructional DVD by Kelly Joe Phelps and I was away. I started coming across more contemporary lap slide players like John Butler, Xavier Rudd and Indian slide players like Debashish Batachariya. I listened to what they were doing and tried to figure out – how.
Hey, it's St. Patty's Day! Luck o' the Irish to you!
CDCR Office of Public and Employee Communications will begin processing nominations for the Medal of Valor in January 2011. Further instructions and nomination forms will be provided within the coming months.
6AM
Said Moon to a furious looking Black Pudding!
In short, I found a great new spot, with great ambiance, a nice selection of wines by the glass that you may not see on most wines lists, and great food. If you are ever in the area, I highly recommend it, and I know that I will be back for the Chacuterie alone soon! Cheers!
Oh love, the see and love the sea
2 error
A fun fact: I played this by ear. I don’t know how long I baked these for, but these were by far the best calzones that I’ve made.
I chose this high-energy track from British DJ Andy Hunter because of its use as the main theme for one of my all-time favorite games, SSX 3, but it has also been featured in several other video games, including Need For Speed Underground, Burnout Revenge, and Forza Motorsport 2, among others.
One group of the Sisters had a hospital named Pleasure Gardens on New Earth, nearby New New York. This hospital was created before the Humans got there and was created to deal with all their diseases. They had cures for nearly every known ailment and were able to heal their patients with remarkable efficiency. Many of the treatments shouldn't have been discovered for at least a thousand years, according to the Doctor.
Hello everyone:
Just as Arabs in the region spent the decades of supposed “quiet” by building and learning, Palestinians, and especially Palestinian youth, are regrouping and reconfiguring. If you think resistance in Palestine is dead, you have not been keeping up whatsoever.
I admit it, I jumped the gun a little on wearing boots. It's not quiiiiite cool enough yet. But they're my favorite (and only) pair, so I wore them any way. And they've been lonely in storage all these months.
Those horses are BIG.
mean more beauty. Her pixels glow
It's a sweet little movie with no surprises.
- brian lavelle - magdalena - diophantine discs - 2010 (lp)
I met with the doctor and was told I had moderate Sleep Apnea. I then made an appointment for a sleep study - this time using a CPAP machine.
Notes on Ingredients: I used Plymouth gin and Dolin dry vermouth.
I began with the peppers and cheese, a most splendid starter. The red peppers (pimentos) had been roasted to perfection in olive oil (they were not out of a jar), and were served with a marinade and cheese. A really nice flavour, and medley of tastes.
17. Cooking III: How not to Inflict Your Diets on Other People
Stuff that steals a persons livelyhood with the blessings of the State.
LOVE that my boys want to be like their Daddy! I hope their Daddy will always be their hero!
6/13 Seattle, WA - Crocodile Cafe
Emphasis here on “help” because the FLSA rule change is, as logicians say, necessary but not sufficient. It would, however, rectify what seems a clear case of economic injustice.
We heard a couple of days later that we didn't get the house. Then the day after that, the sellers' realtor asked if we would consider having a backup contract. After thinking about it, we said yes. So this meant that we were the second highest bid and if anything fell through with the first buyer, it would automatically go to us. We actually had to submit earnest money and an option fee. So we are technically under contract with this arrangement (as a backup contract).
It’s on me.
New Years Eve!
Anna: Why aren't you answering your phone!?!
Everyone around me seems to have these stupid expectations and stigmas of me lately. All because of my slowly growing Steam Library. Everyone seems to think that I have an issue with my gaming habits since I quit World of Warcraft, hell everyone thinks I'll go back to WoW sooner or later which annoys me even more. I left months ago yet I still get asked when I'm going to stop my break. It's not a break it's permanent, I'm not wasting any more money or energy with Blizzard or any other MMO for a very long time. Yet people think that I'll just fall back into some addiction like a junkie. So far, I'm the only one besides Dreamer among our group that has quit and has never gone back yet. Dreamer Barely even counts in that spectrum anyway since he never got past level 45, I don't care what he says there's a difference between quiting at that level and quit at max level with full gear as a guild leader with another 85 nonetheless.
over medium heat. Add rice and stir to ensure that all grains of rice are coated in butter. Add wine and stir until it has been absorbed. Add a ½ cup of broth to the rice, stir it, and only add another ½ cup once the rice has absorbed most of the first addition. Repeat this process, stirring frequently, until the rice is tender.
The girls were surrounded by the infamous yellow crime scene tape in order to emphasize that human trafficking is a CRIME. It is a crime against humanity and all that is just.
2. Friends
And those that stood and fought until the end,
If our Father knows what we need before we ask, why should we pray? There are two reasons. The first is because of the rewards of prayer that go beyond just meeting our needs. The second is that there are many other things for which to pray such as the needs of others and the advancement of the Father’s Kingdom. We do not need such things, but they should have a place in our prayers.
2010.09.06 Algeria Tebessa 2 0 Fundamentalists kill two local security personnel with a bomb.
before all things it is necessary that he hold the catholic faith,
ME: And that is supposed to fit in my bag? OK, do I need to bring a heating unit too? And some nurses uniforms? And lunch for 6? And a doctor? And some walls? And...
A new band with the previously featured Greg Cee on the roster. Much like the solo work of Greg Cee, this band plays loud and howling garage punk. At risk of saying so about too band submitted bands, they remind me of the early Ty Segall bands like Party Fowl and Epsilons. But I just as easily might say Tyvek or Nohopekids. Hope they realize how happy I am to get some garage sent in, been hankering it all the more since some conversations with people that are less than fans of the genre.
(OK. I lied, when I speak I don’t say, ‘hehehehe’…I just feel it’s something nice to put to show I felt at that time.)
Here's a guestblog I did for Girl's Guide to Paris, cross posting a bit here but there's a lot more including some ideas to celebrate Bastille Day in Paris -- click here to read the rest!
I'm sick of people telling me, well just because it happened to Wesley doesn't mean it will happen to this baby. A girlfriend of mine would not get off the topic, studies this, studies that (she hasn't read anything besides whats in the newspapers). Finally I said to her. "If the doctors gave you a medicine and said it was important you take it and then the next day you miscarried. The next time you were pregnant, Would you take that same medicine, even if they said it was not related? Oh course her answer was no. She way in God's name would I stick this baby with tons of viruses and heavy metals when I know those same viruses and heavy metals nearly destroyed my son's life??
distant wood. Their broad wings are not
So proud of my two kids!!
In a blender, puree the watermelon with the sugar until smooth. Stir in the mint, lemon zest and salt. Pour the puree into 8 popsicle molds or 2 standard ice cube trays (insert popsicle or kabob sticks halfway through freezing) and freeze until hard, about 3 hours.
Rebecca Jernigan: A former white hat does not mean black hat. It means I am no longer associated with the white hats as they have been compromised and some have been cloned.
The bloke laughs. "Noooo, you're not dead! I just brought you here to say hello. It's nice to be nice".
Canon compact camera and mini tripod (optional)
“I think,” he began, cautiously, “I think that, yeah, there is this much. But we wouldn’t know it. People don’t talk about it. For every news story about something tragic, there are ten more that nobody knows about because the newscast or the newspaper or the news website has to stop somewhere. Probably on a daily basis, they have to decide which murder to show because they can’t show all of them. They probably have to look at their ratings and figure out which section of the city has the most people watching, and then show the murder that’s closer to that section. So the murders in the other section don’t get talked about as much.” He spoke slowly and carefully.
But I cannot ignore the elephant in the room: the hall was near-impossible to traverse. Three people could not pass down the aisles simultaneously, so it was very dificult for people to browse your work comfortably most of the time. Exhibitors on the central aisles were crammed in back to back with almost no room for manoeuver, and it was hard to stand up and engage with people face to face because there was inevitably a chair in your way, buckling you at the knees.
Sample Screenshot-
Most likely not the case. Everyone gets lonely, everyone spends time alone. Most people a lot more than you do probably.
It’s finally here! My cover illustrator, Summer Ortiz, has outdone herself with this one. This one was a little more of a struggle, but it turned out so beautiful, I wept. One of my friends did, too, and the others may have “squeeeeeed” a bit.
What is the next step, when all songs have been released?
Now look at how they pay all of this Socialist happiness;
6. The Slits - Shoplifting
If Ambiga thought she could keep everyone within limits, then she was sadly mistaken.
7. Gouda and pear on Italian
The next morning Jonah and Cindy are in town, turning the remains in to the sheriff and collecting the bounty. Cindy is excited that she'll be able to ride with Hex but just then a man and woman run up and start hugging Cindy, saying that she was a runaway. Cindy's dad starts to give Hex a reward for finding their daughter, but Jonah shrugs him off, still counting his reward from bringing in the killers.
Tuesday: Treadmill. 1 mile warm up, 1200 @ 7:40 w/ 400 recovery jog, 2×800 @ 7:20 w/ 200 recovery jog, 4×200 @ 6:40 w/ 200 recovery jog, 1 mile cool down
Virgin America (San Francisco) has announced a new interline agreement with China Airlines (Taipei), offering seamless travel on the networks of both carriers across their respective North American and Asian routes. China Airlines is the eleventh interline partner for the rapidly expanding U.S. domestic airline. Virgin America has grown to 17 destinations, a fleet of 51 new aircraft and 2,600 teammates since its launch in August 2007. In addition to the new China Airlines agreement, Virgin America has interline agreements with Virgin Australia, Virgin Atlantic, Air New Zealand, Emirates, Korean Air,Singapore Airlines, Cathay Pacific, South African Airways, El Al and QANTAS Airways.
I just took my students on a trip to my alma mater, Stevens Institute of Technology, and it cost my school NOTHING but the bus. My engineering class runs in a disciplinary approach, so the kids had completed the introductory, mechanical, and civil engineering units and were moving into the naval engineering unit then the biomedical engineering unit. My school has a one-of-a-kind high speed tow tank research facility where they test scale models of ships ranging from student projects to military grants. I’m sure your university has equally interesting places to visit!!
And then she headed away over the ridge and out of sight.
Last month, the city’s streets were adorned with city authority-ordained posters depiciting the condom as “man’s best friend” and “woman’s best friend”. In a city which has a collective dog obsession, in a metropolis where dogs are happily accepted in restaurants and pooch-owners lavish untold amounts of attention and money on their mutts, the campaign is a clever reminder of the effectiveness of the the humble condom in the protection against the AIDS virus.
Mr.Sharma kept to himself,and hardly ever socialized.So far so good.Now comes the problem.
Answer all questions – Each question carries 12 marks.
Habeus Mentem :: Right to Legal Sanity
Accessories: Kaiser Pearls, Opal Spray Glitter
Nothing like a relaxing afternoon at the office!
No desire for such geysers,
I don’t like going with a diet food delivery service… But if you do… Find a really good one.
First seed: Shaman
I guess he returned and his friends finally told him I called. He called me and we met up later that week. We lived 2 hours from each other so we spent most of our getting to know each other on the phone. Yes, the phone had a long spiral type cord and I had to stretch it to it's max to get some privacy to talk:) We really fell in love over the phone. I am quite a talker:)
the lighthouse flash
UPDATE: this giveaway is now closed.
Make sure to give it a good shake before you use it.
The storm without might rair (roar) and rustle-
WASHINGTON (March 10) — Department of Justice officials gave in to pressure yesterday against holding the 9/11 terror trials in New York, and decided instead to stage civilian prosecutions at a Starbucks in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
The job of the President is to convince Americans and everyone else that the U.S. government is being wisely and prudently run.
it easier for him to get underneath bigger blockers off the ball and win the leverage battle at the line of scrimmage. You can see his
therefore unrealistic and does not give sufficient time to develop
There you were
The restaurants and vintners who were hand-picked out of thousands for the event ran the gamut from street food by emerging superstars to fine dining culinary luminaries, with cuisines reflecting some of the incredible diversity that Los Angeles has to offer, from Southeast Asian to Mexican to French to fusion.
So, altogether we've been a couple for 52 years.
Wheat Ale
Quickly, I threw some clothes on and I skipped towards the beach, ready to greet the lake and share in the comforting energy of connectedness. Slipping and sliding down the embankment I squealed surprise, laughing at my clumsiness and awkwardness as I lost footing in the deep silky soft sand.
In terms of it’s depiction of female characters, this show nails it on the head. I might not be a fan of Cersei and her horrendous scheming but her reasons behind her actions are often easy to understand as are the more sympathetic Catelyn Stark’s actions too. Also when you consider the characterisations for the likes of Sansa, Arya and Daenerys. That and the rather interesting depiction of Renly’s relationship with Ser Loras and this is a show that effectively covers all kinds of fan bases.
Second warehouse and dock entrance
I actually think that they are dubious, yeah they, both of them. Even my mom sometimes approves of dad’s blabbers just because she doesn’t want a fight. GAAAAAAHHHHH
Back to reality. Myles Allen at Oxford has a vivid way of simplifying the scale of the task involved in preventing carbon levels rising above 450ppm. The modern world has been built on half a trillion tons of carbon. At present rates of increase we will burn the next half trillion tons in 40 years. The best guess is that that will result in a one-degree rise. There are, perhaps, four to five trillion tons of burnable carbon still in the Earth. But the maximum we can burn is half a trillion tons. In Copenhagen, therefore, the talks should be about allocating that half trillion as if it were a gigantic carbon cake. To make this work and ensure we don’t burn more than that, Allen goes for a radical option. “It will only work,” he says, “in the context of a plan to get emissions down to zero by the end of the century. So I think we need what none of the politicians seems prepared to acknowledge. A rationing system for putting carbon dioxide into the atmosphere is only a temporary measure; eventually the whole practice has to be banned.”
What I liked:
Like it's never-ending..
And then Shag got violently sick and collapsed into the grass. A concerned Moon bounded across to him and looked down.
soul of one, crying for her father.
At night the smoke of the first fire taints that air - pollution I know, but so closely linked to this time of year as to be essential. In the past, as a kid, it would have meant the slow smouldering of piles of leaves, raked together in the corner of the garden and committed to the fire. The ash was spread on the vegetable beds. Leaves to ashes and ashes back to leaves. But now such things are frowned upon. The first frost would have knocked back the weeds in Embrough Pond and my thoughts would have turned to roach - wonderful fish, never very big, but each looking as if it had been newly minted that day. Like a bar of living silver.
But, I'm here now, and I have some really fun stuff to share with you that I've listed on Etsy recently... My favorites are the great 1960s pin-up girls I scored - I've never seen any quite like them before! All of them are covered with a plastic sheet that says Lift Here in the bottom right hand corner. The girls' clothes and other accessories are printed on the plastic. When you lift up the plastic, the girls are nude underneath - clever!
So there you go.
(Go see the movie) which makes Amy even madder because why.
A foreign doctor seemingly at the centre of the disturbances appears right on cue. They want him to explain what’s going on, he wants to explain what’s going on, they give him a microphone, and…they keep getting distracted. The speed of incoming fragments makes them feel urgent, even though they only give information we already know (something contagious is making people behave incomprehensibly), while the doctor is offering solid intel on how the affected act, and how to hide from them. But noise is news; noise gets priority.
Before I end this post, I like to sincerely thank everyone who left me with kind words at my previous posts. I also received emails and FB messages asking where did I go, I am so sorry for not being around lately. I can see that my situation is getting better, and perhaps I can scrap as much as I used to. After all, crafting is one of the few things that always makes me smile :)
it to be in the best interest of my readers.
93
from which the guests at the, heavenly banquet
Speed dialling
– And above all, an engagement shall not be consummated before the marriage ceremony!
Try to avoid raising the ISO and to find an acceptable solution regulating the aperture and the shutter time, if it's not possible cause of a poor lighting requiring too long shutter times, then raise the sensitivity of the bare essential to obtain fast shutter times and not to wide apertures.
& to my sister in law who has the heart of a mom
People who beat themselves up are just the same as people who beat others up!
The heart of the story lies in an exchange with Morry's daughter Julie, shortly after he's had a stroke:
My RSI journey began when I became a sub-editor in the 1990s, when desktop publishing loused up a lot of limbs and livelihoods. I’ve battled this keyboarder’s curse ever since.
The next 5 weeks are going to be crazy, I am scrambling to find a home in VA and finalizing all the moving details. I am so fortunate that my husband medically retired from the Air Force almost a year ago and that the military will be handling moving all of our belongs, boy does that take a load off of me.
Moving in instantly, Jung-Ah learns that Jae-Hyuk met Cinderella. Chain reaction: Jung-Ah calls her mom, her mom calls Jae-Hyuk’s mom. Too bad, she is already annoyed by Madam Jo and cuts her phone call off.
Anyway, here is my submission for Would you ever Guess? this is where we show you what your cartridges can do ... just not the main project...
Feminism came up at the right time to rescue women who were bombarded with stereotypical images of the definition of womanhood. Feminism helped many women to come out of their shells and understand their worth. No wonder, women gradually fought for their rights and became successful albeit after a lot of struggle. But then, we are not discussing the issue of feminism. The matter is about how during the course of the effort to acquire equality, many women have taken over the mantle of chauvinism. Feminism has quietly transformed into female chauvinism. Just like how a group of men (not all mind you) came up with chauvinist ideas about women, women (again, not all) are coming up with chauvinist views about men today. They are displaying the same kind of arrogant superiority over men that used to be displayed before the feminist revolution. There were lesser choices available for women then. Today, women are everywhere – they are free to make their choices be it in the field of education, choice of mate, social set-up and the like. Again, this does not apply to all women; this certainly does not generalize all categories of women. After all, all women cannot be accused of being female chauvinist pigs. Coming back to female chauvinists, if there is a rape then all men are wild animals who know nothing better. Till women get things going smoothly, it’s fine but the moment they are restricted even for valid reasons, they jump up and cry foul.
for me...
"It doesn't matter. I've walked it plenty. I know it."
Taking the steps to stop smoking will help you age gracefully since smoking can worsen the facial features that are tied to aging. Many smokers have wrinkles that form by their mouths, negatively affecting how young they appear. Quit smoking now and you should notice a difference after a few weeks.
When somebody lashes out at another it is often because they have been hurt themselves. The easiest thing to do is to get offended, to get our guard up, and to hit back. That was my reaction. That probably isn't the best thing to do though.
What can I say? Use each of these words in a sentence.
If only more people were to get sufficiently discouraged that they’d stop looking for work, we’d have this unemployment problem nailed.
Amber - A space that creates ease of use for both staff and patrons sets itself up for success. Often times people become so accustom to working in a certain environment or to a specific series of movements to get tasks accomplished, that they can’t see how it could be improved. Having a trained and objective eye gives us the ability to identify those areas and create spaces that are more efficient, productive and enjoyable.
He sits there and stares at me for awhile, and then starts talking again. He asks, All you want is for Jen to come back and talk to you? Ignore. Thats what you said in your blog right? Ignore. Well, Im here. You dont fucking count, I yell. He asked, Do you want me to call her and tell her to come over? I replied, no (but of course thats what I wanted, but I knew she wouldnt be able to, Matt was at work, and the girls were sleeping). Are you sure, he asked, I can go out in the living and she can come in here and talk to you. I plugged my ears, and he started crying. This pissed me off, when Im like this I really have no empathy, all I could think is that he was just going to sit there and cry instead of doing something to “fix this”.
I have recently learned about a young Khmer dancer, Sy Sar, who was "discovered" by a Western filmmaker with a keen interest and involvement with ballet, director Anne Bass. She made a film about the way she was able to interest Western classical ballet dancers in his unique talent, and how a group of people joined together to get him the training and then the exposure he needs. He is now a coveted ballet dancer in the States and yet he has kept close ties with his roots back in Cambodia and works bringing dance and, thereby, a better life to the children there. This is an amazing story. The film is called Dancing Across Borders, and I urge you to go read about the film and the story behind it here. And in the meantime, check this out:
‘Plain Packaging of Tobacco Products in Australia: A Novel Regulation Faces Legal Challenge’ (2012) 307(3) Journal of the American Medical Association 261–262 (with David Studdert).
One of KC’s big secrets is that a number of top-notch comics professionals live in the region, or close enough to be enticed to make the trip to the con. This show always manages to gather an impressive group of such folks, including local guys-done-good Phil Hester, Ande Parks, Freddie Williams, Kevin Mellon and Dennis Hopeless just to cover the tip of the iceberg. Again, see the guest list for the full roster, and pray you don’t get tapped to provide refreshments.
6. I never gained weight during my two pregnancies actually lost weight. I think it was because I was over weight as it was.
This incendiary atmosphere of growing Islamophobic intolerance continued to be ignited by the actions of the then Government minister on Race, Phil Woolas, who cynically drove the bandwagon through Muslim communities at every available opportunity.
Yesterday I had 100 followers. Today I have 99 yet nobody seems to have disappeared and when I've looked at the pages of them there are actually 96!
And Helen, I've got all three of yours on file.
Not long after Bugaboo finished her project, Beanie ambled out of the girls’ room, having tired of both solitude and Lincoln Logs, and decided to brush Smudgie and read a couple of board books on the couch. I love that she reads to Smudgie. Bugaboo disappeared and, after a quick stop to make sure she hadn’t fallen into the commode again, I poked my head into the girls’ room to see if she was, perhaps, napping, as the house was unnervingly quiet, even taking into account the sleeping boys. There sat our oldest daughter, playing with her sister’s dinosaurs and her own Strawberry Shortcake cafe, pretending a family of giant lizards had dropped by for cakes and milkshakes. I believe Orange Blossom (bottom left) probably fainted from fright.
Instead of uniting and putting your energies fully into a prediction occurring, you instead pour all of your energies into proving that the event is either legitimate or a fraud. Those who do not believe the event or prediction is real are in many cases the ones who can cause the most harm to the event’s manifestation.
I have them a LOT.
When we finally cut into the tart for dessert, I realized that the melted (hardened) chocolate made it very difficult to cut into - both with the knife, and when eating it with a fork. So although I loved the taste of the chocolate in the tart, next time I'll probably leave it out.
The list of victims goes on. There's Gillie Christou, who was Maria 'is that a bruise no its chocolate' Ward's supervisor. There's Clive Preece, Head of Safeguarding at Haringey. Both have also been sacked, purely because they made the decision to send Peter back to his mother, rather than placing him with a foster family. Anyone can make a mistake, right? Both are appealing, of course.
Toward the end of his first year, he stood in chapel and requested prayer for his vacation ministry. “God is telling me to go back to my village and preach. I know it could mean I will die.”
Before a person is baptized, he is guilty of Original Sin and, if baptism occurs after the age of reason, of personal sin. When a person is baptized, all personal sin, Original Sin and the punishments due to sin are wiped clean. The baptized believer is thus born again and receives the grace of justification. Protestant terminology says that this person is justified and saved. Catholic terminology says that this person’s soul is in the state of Sanctifying Grace. Not all Protestants believe that baptism is necessary to be justified and saved. But the following passages demonstrate the truth of the Catholic teaching.
When you’ve think one of these must of gone into hibernation by now, Liam Gallagher decided he would gatecrash Manchester City’s press conference after their victory against big rivals Manchester United.
If implemented, the proposal could see major banks losing the accounts of government entities.
Holy time, yes
That’s what it feels like right now.
Yeah... blogging reaches out and touches lives. It allows us to go places we wouldn't otherwise go, and meet people we wouldn't otherwise meet. This is just one of the reasons why I blog and I ask many of you to share your stories ... your quiet time "aha" moments, your ups and your downs. In doing so we never know who we are helping.
Argue about something else? As you yourself say, how does this personally affect you, Deeva? Apparently Deeva believes, as all devout Muslims do, that their belief system should be beyond all questioning and scrutiny. She doesn't bother explaining why this must be so, because to wonder about anything is beyond argument is in itself heresy if not apostasy (disbelief). In Islam, the greatest crime is not murder, but skepticism and disbelief.
What is supposed to happen is the parts that are received into the store against a job card are to be placed into their relevant tub in the workshop immediately. The leading hand is then to periodically check the tubs to see if all the items have arrived, according to the requisition and if they have then they can then appoint the job to one of the trades people. Because these jobs aren’t a priority they have been put back again and again until they have been somewhat forgotten.
through the first year as a family of four that is.
I know several people who drink good beer, and yet express a mind-boggling affection for Pabst Blue Ribbon. It's one thing to celebrate the retro kitch culture such as a wonderful place like Philly's own Bob and Barbara's Lounge, which is awash in long-forgotten PBR ad campaigns of the past. It's another to swig down a can of PBR and actually fool yourself into thinking it's a premium beer.
Twist #2: There is no jury. All submissions that meet the requirements of the open call will be accepted*. So scratch that off as a reason for not submitting. (*The fine print says that I do have the right to pass on any entry if given reason to but I am assuming and hoping that this will not happen)
Summer is coming. J's last day of school is in about 3 weeks and I have big plans for the boys. For starters we are most likely moving them back into the same bedroom then making R's room into their playroom. I am hoping this will decrease the messiness from the boys. Hopefully. Next up on the list is making chore charts for the boys. I am looking to the blogging community for help.....please give me ideas of age appropriate jobs for a 6 and 4 year old. Right now J knows how to vacuum, sweep, take out trash and recycle, and pick up. R can sweep with a dustpan, help empty the silverware out of the dishwasher, and pick up. I plan to include making their beds each morning, cleaning their room and playroom too. Any other ideas?!?
When you're unsure if the word is "pitchers" or "pictures", just combine the two to cover all bases.
That said, this just felt wrong. I was already coming in to the story as late as possible (two weeks into the 'action'). I had so much backstory that it was going to be hard to avoid blatant exposition. Worse than that, though, I just felt like I was rushing the story, skipping out bits, and not drawing out the horror or the joy that I wanted to display.
Your Own Craft
I've seen so many fun Halloween crafts buzzing around the crafting community. There is a plethora of amazing crafty people out there, I just can't seem to keep track of all the fun things I want to do. So hopefully you can add YOUR favorite (or one you've seen)Halloween craft to my Mcklinky. If not, enjoy blog hopping around. I hope you'll feel just as inspired as I have!!!
"Gay pride was a blast but it always leaves you empty," he said. "One million faggots and not a single one to … oh whatever. LOL. Birthday mo na Kane."
If there's one thing that I've learnt about life in the 42 years that I've been on this planet is that there is no certainty... In fact, I'm certain of it! As much as we may try to create a solidity or a structure around our lives, as much as we develop routines, rely on patterns of behaviour, on schedules, on systems - at the end of the day, these things are just not certainty-proof... Most of us are seeking a kind of certainty, don't you find... We strive for a certain world because we fear the unknown... We fear losing control... Even, in the world of aesthetics - we are striving for a certain outcome... We create plans, models, schemes - to ensure a kind of certainty in our work... But in reality, no outcome is ever truly certain... And why would you want it to be I wonder... For the uncertain outcome is often the most exciting... We spend a lot of time in the workshops at The Little Cottage looking at the idea of uncertainty in creativity and design... I find that most women who come along to the studio are looking for a kind of certainty - they're hoping to find the skills they need to decorate in a way that dazzles... And while decorating is about accruing and testing skills - it's just as much about being aware of and then embracing uncertainty... Speak to most creative luminaries and they bring with them the same story - the story of finding peace in the face of uncertainty... In the face of the unknown outcome... As creatives, we need not to fear uncertainty but to embrace it... It is in this uncertain space that the most dazzling beauty lies... If you can bring yourself to let go - to free fall (metaphorically speaking) - then you find trust... You find trust in yourself... In your work... In your life... And when you trust yourself in this way - then you can tap into the beauty within at any time... And that, I believe, is the one thing that is, for certain...
A poster on a pro-choice site showed an egg in a frying pan, a silk worm, on oak tree nut, a sperm and egg that are just getting ready to become an embryo. It reads, “This is not a chicken, this is not a dress, this is not a tree and this is not a baby.” How clever and yet horribly misleading! The egg in the pan had not been fertilized; neither the dress nor the tree would ever have a beating heart; the egg and sperm have not come together yet. They wouldn’t want to show the fetus because it is human and takes that shape and form right away and has a heartbeat before a woman even realizes that she is pregnant. Just a slight twisting of truth and suddenly you have found justification to label murder as a procedure. They downplay it so drastically. Has anyone ever gone on YouTube to watch an abortion? My story can save you the trouble. I wonder how many pro-choice have seen it! We should be fully educated, especially when so many children are paying the price of their very lives, because we choose ignorance (sometimes, just so we can be comfortable). Isn’t ignorance nice? We choose it for abortion, world hunger, poverty, AIDS, elder and sometimes child abuse. What do we turn a blind eye to so we can sleep at night?
"I couldn't stand it if they took it out on you," he tells Bianca, "and eventually they would."
Since our first frost last year, I have squandered away several hours studying that tree for any evidence of the neon-bright green needles that only the earliest-sprouting of springtime cypress trees have. I know the old Cajun folks around Arnaudville had their ways to tell if winter was truly over, my grandparents waited for the pecan tree leaves sprouted before they planted any spring vegetables, and I know some folks wait until they saw their first springtime robin.
If you take nothing more from this site, or read nothing more, remember that.
What did you bring me, keep me from the gallows pole?
Philosophy says “ We r responsible 4 our own dids.” If we accept this Bitter Truth, then we can only start our journey to reach The Top. Swami Vivekananda says “ We are The Creator of Our Own Destiny.” Development or Degradation lies in Our Own Hand. Let’s aware of that and let’s own our responsibility. Let’s march ahead…..to be The Super Power of The World.
We also know that the term ‘New World Order’ is as useful as the phrase ‘we are the 99%’, or the ‘Illuminati’ – (If you want to see something cool type Illuminati backwards in google search engine, the NSA’s website comes up) – We also know that the goal of the new age/order is to abolish all religion and usher in a one world religion; as well as one world currency, military, and government (UN). So, keeping this in mind, the study now proceeds in state that the view of “patriots” is that events are part of a giant jig-saw puzzle, and that it is their duty to put these pieces together.
The objection in question came from the presenter Justin Schieber (I think that’s how you spell it anyway) and was based on a series of questions and objections he put to Craig on the Unbelievable podcast (hosted by Justin Brierly). The full exchange was set out in Episode 92 of the Reasonable Doubts podcast pretty quickly, and on a first listen I wasn’t sure if it was particularly interesting. I became slightly more convinced of it merits on a second listen, and I decided to write up this blog post in order to see whether there is anything to it. After all, one only really understands something when one tries to explain it to others.
Words from my family are far more full of knowledge, love and wisdom than any I hear outside, in the samsarik world.. But words that stem from concern make me feel incompetent and I don’t like that. Especially if these words reflect deep love. Love makes us want to swallow inaccuracies and forgive follies and put aside priorities. Love makes us want to compromise.
His mother(Shakti/Pavarti) wants to accept life and death in the real world; his father (Shiva) would prefer a spiritual life of renunciation. Ganesha melds those, and understands both.
“So when you were a kid you were living right near your own family property, but you didn’t even know it was yours?” said Chris.
I’m a child of Y2K. Remember that? The big scare that computers everywhere were going to shut down because they couldn’t figure out how to change a date? I remember it being a huge let-down when the lights stayed on, the computer still worked giving me no excuse for an unfinished paper, and the grocery stores continued operations and we never got to live off of the copious amounts of rice that my mom stored in nifty containers in the basement.
Get your body going. Burn those stubborn love handles away. This post is metaphorically meaningful. All my posts for that matter aren’t superficial, but a challenge to question your attitudes and mindset. Think outside the box. Question what I have to say. A relationship with God doesn’t have to be boring. Why worry about what others think of you. Let go and just have fun!
Foreign goods come tax free into America, while we heavily tax American goods.
Posted by Tania Kindersley.
Walk into any cellular phone store or big box electronics retailer and you can get a brand new cell phone in pristine condition, ready to go, from one of the major carriers. Just try and walk out with that phone before signing your life away for two years and listen to the security alarms go off. Aside from pay as you go cell phone plans, you need to make a major commitment to get a cell phone that will work on one of the big wireless networks. Is there any way to make a better deal?
OFFENSE
“Wait a second”, he said, holding up Trent's hand, “You're missing a piece of your finger. Trent made it out in one piece, amazingly. Now just who are you?”. Trent took his hand away and put it into his pocket. He produced a severed fingertip and held it up.
How is everyone doing today? Great I hope! :) Wanted to say Thank you to everyone that played in our FBW Anything Goes challenge last week and hope you all enjoyed our makes with our sponsored images from Sparkle Creations Rubber Stamps. Thanks again to Sparkle for sponsoring!!
Within an hour, it is well risen and baked beautifully. The rolls were incredibly well received, compliments all around. A sinful combination and so light!
Barefoot & Bliss Dimensional Stickers
Some of you might know this, but I think far more of you have no idea. When I was little, I had a small (huge) love for all things having to do with Elvis Presley. We don’t know how it started, what it stemmed from, but there was an undeniable love and respect from the age of about seven onward between myself and Elvis. One year for my birthday, I even received an Elvis beach towel and Barbie doll. I loved his music and his movies and I think I might have even had Elvis trading cards at one point.
Last week, my right ring finger started to get really dry and itchy. Then a couple days ago, the dry and itchiness started to spread to my middle right finger.
I told him to eat some of this organic wheat berry grass Mom planted for us.
This year, the fashionable royal continued the presentation of shamrocks and presented a basket of shamrocks to 40 members of the First Battalion Irish Guards after the military band began playing “God Save the Queen”. 450 soldiers in full ceremonial uniform participated in the annual St. Patrick’s Day parade, accompanied by the regimental mascot Conmeal, an Irish wolfhound who received his own sprig of shamrock from the Duchess.
Quinoa (pronounced “keen-wah”) seems to be one of the hottest new food trends, increasingly showing up on restaurant menus, recipe sites and grocery shelves. But quinoa has actually been around for centuries and can be traced back to ancient Peru. An ancient crop that grows in poor soil, dry climates and mountain altitudes, quinoa is native to the Andes and also grows right here in the Colorado Rocky Mountains. Yep, that’s right, quinoa grows right here in Colorado so it is another great option for CO Locavores.
A choke-hold
These comments were similar to those his ex-girlfriend recorded for the world to hear, some of which apparently were said in front of their infant. In his tirades he demanded sexual act be performed on him as he called her terrible, terrible names.
Full recipe can be found at this week’s host: One Small Kitchen and The Not So Exciting Adventures of a Dabbler. We’ve been having so much fun cooking along with the Tuesdays with Dorrie gang…it’s been like a at-home course in baking and every couple weeks we learn something new. Next up: Pecan Sticky Buns…..can’t wait to get my hands on that yeast dough!
I left the house giving thanks that they too left the house after most of the church members had settled into the pews. I was the only witness to their act of male chauvinism.
Od's Life! must one swear to the truth of a song?
There is one distinction that we feel is important. This is that there are Messenger Angels whose task it is to transmit or relay messages to individual humans. Then there are those Messenger Angels whose task involves a message bring transmitted to humanity as a whole. A message transmitted to an individual concerns the individual rather than the masses and more often than not it is a message that does not influence or apply to those closest to the individual who received the message. Needless to say, the individual, in responding to the message, may indeed affect other people, but the message itself is given only to the individual. Messenger Angels who bring messages to humanity as a whole bring a message that will in time affect and influence humans the world over. Perhaps there are those who think that such messages are always religious or spiritual in nature, but this is not the case.
Ry Torhan, the youth pastor at The Gate, and his wife, Heather, went to see the Harlem Globetrotters. Ry gets along well with everyone. When he sat down next to a man who was there with his family, they quickly hit it off. At halftime an official for the team invited the man and his family to follow him. A few minutes later they returned, weighed down in complementary Globetrotter gear. Before the team rep left he invited the family to the VIP room after the game to meet the players and to get their autographs.
My first seed to sprout was one out of 4 packets of veggies I purchased.
To calculate your organization’s Net Promoter Score, take the percentage of people who are Promoters and subtract the percentage who are Detractors.
“And this is life…life unfinished, noisy, as is. The very best we can hope for here and now” (p. 32-33)
Zhao RP, Yang SQ, Huang L, Chang XX, Zhang X, Xu ZS, Liu RF. Analysis of sterile male semen of occupational drivers. (Chinese) Zhonghua Nan Ke Xue 2003; 9: 515-6, 519.
4 T. butter
Wednesday, 11 April 2012
I wasn't too happy that she wasn't here for the big day, but I am glad she was with a lot
Another perk of this renovation, was the added storage. Once the shower was ripped out, we discovered an open area behind the wall, which is now 9-feet of floor to ceiling cabinets. I left the door off the middle cabinet to create an alcove, and it became the perfect spot for pool and beach towels.
Unlike the Belgians the Swiss always preferred to perfect their own little world rather than conquering the rest of it. Unfortunately, perfectionist Switzerland seldom turns out beers that deviate from the main. But when they actually do, their craft beers should feature high among enthusiasts worldwide. Finding the good stuff remains a challenge, though.
In this blog, I would like to share briefly what I understand it means to live in the Positive Possibilities and what it means to live in the impossibilities. I hope you find the information useful. I welcome your questions and comments.
No arrests have been made and Warren accused the police of dragging their feet.
I've totally been sneaking into their stash of dried apricots this week.
my talents few;
Celaena finds her training sessions with the captain of the guard, Westfall, challenging and exhilirating. But she’s bored stiff by court life. Things get a little more interesting when the prince starts to show interest in her... but it’s the gruff Captain Westfall who seems to understand her best.
Bonnie St. John, Paralympics Silver Medalist and
“Ow,” I said.
The world encourages us to be extroverts. The school system rewards extroverts who work well in groups, share and easily bond with others. Introverts often grow up feeling that there is something wrong with them and they quickly learn to become extroverts. There is an attitude that introversion needs to be cured not valued in our world. Our preference to enjoying the internal world (introverts) or external world (extroverts) is fixed and we can learn to act outside our preference, but we can’t be forced to leave it without feeling overwhelmed, lost and knocked off centre. Some of us fall in the middle ground of both, but regardless the world is a healthier place when both types are allowed to operate in their comfort
I've always admired the dark and brooding portraits than bedeck the halls and staterooms in many a fine movie or tv series. Always something mysterious and alluring about these characters that makes me wish I had my own mysterious and alluring Ancestors to hang on my not so stately hallways. So I made my own. Of course I had to make the back stories to go with them or they would just be lost souls lining the passage; ... So.. 'Meet The Family'. French of course. In honour of French Week at Being Ruby.
I used our All-American chocolate cake recipe and the accompanying chocolate icing. Mini spiced cake or carrot cake cupcakes would have been very good too but I was specifically requested to bring the chocolate cupcakes. (I really do need to post those recipes again soon but I’ve never taken a good, well thought out photo when we’ve baked the cake and I feel it’s the least I could do.)
But the current holy shit moment… right here, right now!!
Dix nourrices raidies
If you are Grandpa, punctuation is extremely important!
5. Spend time with your family.
Xoya holds her decapitated head in her hands. I am unsure of how we are able to speak without breathing. I am even more uncertain of how Xoya speaks. When she talks, it is like listening to a whistling wind on an overcast night.
(Fiona says: I'm still waiting for Lucy's answers and so we've cheated and skipped a person to get to Penny - I'll post Lucy's answers when they come through!)
Mr Sheridan then asked specifically about Stephen Whittamore, whom the witnessed admitted using as he provided info that could help move stories on…the witness stating that Mr Whittamore was a resource used in general by the paper, but that he could not recall who had originally passed him the name of Mr Whittamore, but denied that it was Andy Coulson as he was not at the NoW at the time, and that it probably wasn’t Greg Miskiw either. Mr Sheridan finally asked what the witness knew of Mr Whittamore now, with the witness stating that he knew Mr Whittamore had been prosecuted for accessing data in breach of the data protection act.
But know this: If you change your core values, they were never real values; they were just fancy marketing tools and gimmicks.
All is well.
Ink: StazOn Black
And even after all this while
PS: Enjoy these vids
There is a saying: Get your character up a tree, and then throw rocks at him or her when the character tries to climb down. That is pretty much what you have to do.
- The plot was quite predictable.
I had purchased a really great book at Joann's the other day for making candy. So I decided also to pick two recipes to make today. This book I love because unlike all the gazillions of cookbooks I have this one pretty much has every recipes that I would definitely make and they are relatively simple and not too many ingredients.
(2)Add Part 2 to the sponge and remix until a dough is formed.
The WI has a long association with the hymn, Jerusalem.
One could see the boats that had already left the ship, standing off about five or six hundred yards.
Statement by Dianne Kohler Barnard, Democratic Alliance Shadow Minister of Police
Anne-with-an-e, Betsy, me. Anne and I were late to this one, though. To catch up with Betsy, I watched an episode a day, during workouts. I loved what Haley said the other day about it. I agree with her, but mostly come out on the awesome side and have a lot of fun with it.
Stockholm Text will focus on North America because of the high interest in the mystery/thriller genre as well as the rapid growth of the e-book market, but the UK and Australia are also considered core markets with a high interest in Scandinavian literature. “We know there is a ready market for these books,” says Claes Ericson, “and we know how to find these readers through social media as well as classic marketing and public relations. We are confident that once our books have been discovered, a loyal following will be the result.”
I actually did a few more runs on the treadmill than I care to admit but most were done in the spirit of time management and travel. No excuses, I know!
After signing to Earache Records and seeing the relative success of ‘Woods 4: The Green Album’ last year, things were looking up for Woods Of Ypres. Little did we know at the time, that fifth record ‘Woods 5: Grey Skies & Electric Light’ would be released under such shadowed circumstances. The tragic death of David Gold shook fans to the core near the end of December last year, and instead of marking a new era, this record brings an indefinite period in the Canadian act’s existence.
Batwing #9
In this post I am sharing with you a meal that can be prepared during this Saaka Vratha period....
Online, CPM doesn’t actually make a lot of sense for another big reason: The thing that causes the impression — a blog post, a Facebook post, and to a lesser degree, a Tweet — persists. Forever. Or at least as long as there’s a Google.
(Genesis 19:4-5, Jewish/English Bible, JPS 1917)
Chan formerly led the beleaguered Talam Corporation, who was responsible for a host of abandoned housing projects in Selangor and this led to certain parties questioning the government’s wisdom in awarding the contract to another company linked to him.
Cielito Lindo
Copyright 2012 Anne Corke
Lord knows, in my living years, I’ve been in the hands of many a callous healthcare professional and many a callous stranger. (I’m thinking of that six month stint I had online dating!) I can’t say I blame those callous healthcare pros having to deal with everyone’s aches and pains all day, but just because I don’t blame them, doesn’t mean their apathetic handling is okay.
A little further down the highway that runs through this valley, there's a side road which leads to Goosenecks State Park. There, at an overlook, the San Juan River winds through a gorge with a view that's almost a mirror image of the beautiful and breathtaking road we'd just come down. We arrived late in the evening, in time to take a look before dusk settled in.
Roger Phillips
Raventos i Blanc is a true pioneer of Cava production (this family winery was making sparkling wine before the name Cava existed). Their new vintage rosado cava is phenomenal. Adding 15% Monastrell to the traditional cava blend of Macabeo, Parellada and Xarel-lo tints the wine with the palest pink hue. Fine bubbles lift the yeasty brioche aroma from the glass. The barest hint of strawberry flavor adds context to the dry, crisp, pinpoint precise style that Raventos i Blanc is known for.
on a skinny wall like this one between the windows.
Too few of us feel drawn to help our kinsmen or our actual neighbors.
This song also has special meaning for me because my oldest son, Jeremiah, and I decided a few years ago that this was our theme song. Yes, we may feel like we sometimes want to hide away somewhere and lock the door, and that is ok. We also recognize that at these moments, we may have lost a single battle, but not the war. We look to tomorrow as another day, a brand new day, putting the struggles of yesterday behind us and ready to face what is ahead of us with a clean slate and renewed strength.
Denied! One scholarly resident of Virginia City tells me that saloons there never had the famous swinging doors so beloved of Western movies. One reason may have been the hurricane force wind fondly known by the locals as the "Washoe Zephyr". It was strong enough to blow off tin roofs and carry away small mammals.
Next, is with the Worker Party. One of their MP was caught with some misdeed. He was keeping quite after accusation fall heavily against him. He chose not to reply at all to all accusation. I think he does not know what to do. Soon he does not even attend meetings of the party and was then dismissed. Eventually, the WP started the repair job, he was terminated. I think the WP repair team was pretty swift; the repair was done quick and good, in the end they found that their machine was again running. So WP put forwarded to the people of the terminated MP constituency telling them, hey, my machine is working now. It is the government that do not want to run the machine. So, the people waited for the by election.
Rob Davis Mike Langlois
I've learned some things about Legos. If you like assembling things, you love them because they're so precise. But the play value doesn't end there. You can change them around, borrow from this piece and add to that one. You can supplement your "grownup" small-size Legos with the bigger Duplos you've been playing with since you were two. You can take apart your enormous Duplo zoo, perhaps leaving behind all the animals but reusing the building blocks and little people.
Sing come on along
Will: Newt Gingrich wants to be another
Meantime's London Lager is an exceptionally good beer which is needlessly undermined by minuscule, trendy packaging.
Miesje has challenged us to create a card or project that uses both dark and light. Opposite colors; black/white, brown/ivory, deep blue/baby blue, red/pink etc.
This was the first time I’ve ever created a fictional kingdom in one of my books, and it was huge fun. The only information I was given about Santosa was that it was ‘a small island principality off the coast of Brazil’, so the rest was up to me. A lovely couple of hours of cyber-tourism led me to the island of Fernando de Noronha and this became the inspiration for Santosa.
I’ve paired fucking with as shit, and fucking with ass, but what about ass with as shit? Sorry, no can do:
While you're a scared little maggot and hide behind your baby.
I did fall for a man, before him, but he did not like my ordinary self. He said he loved me, but I quickly learned that love for him is just a word. He betrayed my love, and kept doing so for one whole year. I thought it drove me mad, but I did not know madness back then. I had not known it, yet.
Born 1927 in what is now Zambia. Father, British colonial civil servant; mother from South African farming family. Three brothers – he’s the second. Family returned to England when he was 7, but his father died the same year. Very little money, but he was privately educated at boarding schools, thanks to generosity of relatives. Scholarship to Eton. Briefly conscript in British army just after World War 2. Then Cambridge University, then 17 years working for the British humour magazine, Punch. Published his first two books, an adult detective story and a children’s SF adventure, in 1968, and from then on has been a full-time writer. Has been nine times on the Carnegie Medal short list and won it twice, as well as other major prizes. In l952 married his first wife, and they had two daughters and two sons. He now has six grandchildren. His first wife died in 1988, and two years later he married Robin McKinley. They live in a small Hampshire town with a couple of lurchers.
2 oz. unsweetened chocolate (Or 6 T cocoa pwdr)
jacket-vintage from Virgo
Parallel cards (of course)
Avocado: 1
I know I haven't been posting lately, but does the old adage - "no news is good news ring true"? Yes, No, I'm not really sure.
Summer is here, meaning the sea, the sun and the tan- the perfect triplet. What is even more perfect? A nail design that would go with the scheme!
2) Somewhere in the weeks leading up I read a quote as follows: “Ask yourself: ‘Can I give more?’. The answer is usually: ‘Yes’.” ~Paul Tergat, Kenyan professional marathoner
What if this whole web advertising thing is a big, fat sexist conspiracy? Step into my laboratory...
I think this outfit worked great so I could go on one awesome date with the hubs doing this:
So, rather than wait for the city to announce that it has mapped all the precariously hanging trees and that it has a plan to keep passersby away until the damaged trees can be cleared. I'm writing this to urge concerned people to call 311 or local precient or politician and keep further tragedy from happening.
Who's damaging my mail? Last week I've already found a letter open in my mailbox (hopefully nothing was missing), and today I received a letter in this yellow plastic bag you can see on the picture above. Why was it in this bag? Because the envelope was torn. Literally. Look out:
When you have too much time on your hands
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—Guess I spoke too soon, because here I am already with a new post! I guess this is what slacking off from going to the gym will do: free up time for blogging. I'll be back to my two-session-a-week routine next week, I promise!
Sean Ferrell's story "Building an Elephant" won the Fulton Prize from The Adirondack Review; his short stories have appeared in Bossa Nova Ink, WORDS, Uber, and The Cafe Irreal. He lives with his family in Brooklyn, New York. Numb is his first novel.
Arkham City is the sequel to the smash hit Arkham Asylum from 2009 and easily one of the best games of 2011. Its DX11 mode was broken when the game launched, but a subsequent patch added an admittedly minimal amount of support for the API. It’s a great game in either mode, however, and makes an appearance here as a real-world title with broad appeal.
You start running. You talk to other runners. You read about running in books, blogs and the world wide interweb. You run some more. You have a subscription to Runner’s World. You start becoming that “go-to” person for running questions when you are with non-runners. You run even more. You get hurt and diagnose yourself and know exactly what is wrong with you and know how to fix it. You are an expert…..HA!
Well I wasn't actually going to craft today as we kind of had a late night last night at our school auction but I sat down at my desk to check email and my crafting facebook page and saw this post about the Market Street Stamps Block Party. They have a really cute digi stamp they were giving away and I really wanted to get in on the action! So next thing I knew, I was checking my Market Street Stamps to see what I could come up with, pulling up the current MOJO Monday sketch for inspiration, and printing out my new digi to color!
John Zuccotti, Co-Chair of Brookfield Properties, is also on the board of another Brookfield Asset Management’s subsidiary, Wellpoint Health Networks. In 2009, one of WellPoint’s honchos testified before Congress that his company routinely and wrongfully denied claims to its health insurance policyholders.
Could this be why “The Obama Narrative” has “Obama’s” mother arriving in Indonesia, when “Barry” is that age?
A new pair of TOMS Shoes. (And hey, some cash might be nice too.)
11 talk: Gillian's intro to Tennesse Stud about Jimmy Driftwood 0:59
“Work forces are always evolving, especially during a recession, but what’s different this time is that there’s a greater emphasis on a contingent, ‘just-in-time’ work force,” he says.
I decided to do this in alphabetical order, so as people don’t think they’re more important for whatever reason.
I used 5x5 acrylic sheets to create this wall hanging for pictures of my husband and our moms on my birthday. You can't tell from the top picture but I am blowing out a candle on a strawberry shortcake from The Cheescake Factory which is alllllll I wanted for my birthday.
thrown up, and it was quite incongruous, me turning up at the
This week the challenge is Stitch it up!! So we want to see some stitching on your card – real or faux so for those without sewing machines (or don’t want real stitching) you can doodle some stitching on your project. And here’s the fabulous prize up for grabs!
All other applicants may be eligible for completion in Fall 2012. Stay tuned for further announcements. For more information, visit the K-12 Online Teaching Endorsement webpage at: (http://edtech.boisestate.edu/idaho-k-12-online-teaching-endorsement-program/ ) or contact Dr. Dazhi Yang (dazhiyang-at-boisestate-dot-edu), program coordinator.
layering one stamp on top of each other,, with inks and paints.
Welcome to another installment of a novel I’ve been working on for over 20 years. You know what I dislike? When an author takes six to ten chapters to set a story up. Turns me off completely. I like to get right into the meat of the story right away. I believe the audience should have a grasp of the main characters and at least a vague idea of the plot and forces at play within the first three chapters. I like to introduce the main characters immediately and only focus on secondaries if what they are doing is integral to the plot. The first three chapters are all about the people you’ll be spending the rest of the book with…
I put him to work measuring and sifting while I got the materials together. He looked at the vials and asked which one we should use first. I picked one at random. "Er...peppermint."
I was reminded of this recently when I saw an advertisement for Take Your Child to Work Day. The ad included a cartoon of a caveman father and son, wearing the usual leopard skin outfits and carrying spears, running away from a gigantic dinosaur. The child shouts “I should have gone gathering with mom!” The irony is, of course, if I took my kids to work, they’d probably hear me give my quarterly explanation of geological time and why the dinosaur-chasing-caveman scenario is impossible.
Hugo: So which BV wine is your all time favorite?
I attached a full tank of CO2 to the new regulator, opened the valve and called it quits for the day. Inspecting the tanks the next day, I noticed I had forgotten to tighten the regulator to the tank, in the process emptying a CO2 tank in to the atmosphere, inadvertently enlarging my carbon footprint. Yep.
Understanding that FATIGUE is not laziness, but a physiological symptom that can be caused by a chronic, systemic disease, such as Rheumatoid Arthritis is an important step in appreciating the many trials that RA patients face every day. Improving FATIGUE symptoms may be possible through exercise tailored for RA patients’ needs and limitations. According to the Johns Hopkins Arthritis Center, “…regular physical activity has been shown not only to improve some arthritis symptoms (e.g., fatigue, pain, mood) but also to promote general health.”(4)
4 cups frozen hashbrowns, thawed
So then we have to take into account what they really want in their world, which, as sad as it is, may not be us.
And they blocked our way.
I don’t know the context in which the music is used… I never finished watching season one and I may have seen the relevant episode already, but I can’t remember. It was about seven years ago now when it first aired. That being said, I like to imagine Commander Adama is giving his son Apollo a gift – a good lighter.
Yesterday I received my contract report from The Society of Authors (who, incidentally, are lovely and incredibly prompt to respond). Obviously, what I wanted them to tell me was that my contract was gold dust and I should sign it immediately and begin my career as a well-respected author.
But still – very cool and not what you’d expect in the middle of the city.
-Have fun at my wedding and don’t stress too much about the planning -Buy no more than one new item of clothing a month on average.
"The Creators drew light from the universe, as pure and hard as any diamond. They crushed it underfoot and scattered it onto a young earth as tiny grains of sand, forging a desert without beginning or end.”
Two things are interesting about the chorus, one of them because of the way Green Day sing it, and the other because it brought back memories of writing Chapter 1 of my dissertation.
You know the old saying, ‘a picture tells a thousand words’? Well, I’ve found it really helpful actually, when writing about events – made up, true – which took place hundreds of years ago.
And with a casual reply
grated zest & juice of 1 orange
used both vintage and craft buttons on these. the stamp set is from Papertrey Ink called button boutique. and then there is a few other odd sentiments added from the die cuts pre stamped pile ( happy anniversary A Muse ) but, for the most part they are on the generic side.
safety of my cube, I began to wonder why I felt that way. Why in the presence of these two, I felt suddenly so aware of my height and my clothes and frazzled hair?I wondered if others had daily wrestling matches with the monstrous, sword-wielding confidence-crushing thoughts of self-consciousness and unworthiness? I wondered if others let thoughts like these get the best of them?
It's wonderful for reading aloud or for an older child to read on their own.
And what does our leader, our messiah do, in the face of an ideology that slaughters women and children, practices rampant Antisemitism, kills polytheists on sight, and count's all peoples who are not members of their religion as second class beings, but not as people? Does he bring out a might sword and cleave them? Does he rain fire from the skies? Does he come forth to save the women killed for nothing more than being beautiful and wanting to embrace that beauty rather than hide it? Does he save the little children from the blades of holy men who kill or mutilate them?
The queues in question are for clearing passport control at Heathrow. Apparently, wait times have been creeping up, passengers are complaining, and everyone is getting nervous about what this will look like when the world descends on London for the Olympics. According to the Globe and Mail, the source of the problem is a confluence of ramped up security and staff cuts (Long queues at Heathrow spark concern, Apr 30).
However, that's ok because March is always one of the best months of the year, mainly because of SXSW and St. Patrick's Day, two of my very favorite things to celebrate. For SXSW this year we spent most of our time at Rachael Ray's parties. No lines, open bar, great music!
A chronicle of the unending journey of the Wandering Author through life, with notes and observations made along the way. My readers should be aware I will not censor comments that disagree with me, but I do refuse to display comment spam or pointless, obscene rants. Humans may contact me at thewanderingauthor at yahoo dot com - I'll reply as I am able.
I mostly wanted to focus on the paper for these Valentine cards and keep it simple. The paper was embossed with the red hearts having that flocked feel so I just swirl embossed white card stock. I used the Hugs stamp from the hearts2love set at The {Stamps} of Life in white and sponged the edges with Momento Lady Bug Red. Finally I got to use this red ribbon that I have had for a few years. Gives it a bit of a wintery feel.
-By Charlie Reese
Where is all this stuff now?
In absolute loving memory of Deacon Kade (4/30/2008 – 3/21/2011),
Except for the fact that we ran out of the spinach and feta filling before we ran out of pastry. And you can’t really store phyllo pastry until next time, it’ll just dry and crumble. So we improvised a sweet filling with ground nuts and almonds, brown sugar, raisins and spices. I’m not going to write it down for you; it needs some work. It was quite dry so we’re thinking of adding fruit or something… But it was very, very tasty!
Pardon my non-surprise.
A late steak dinner and the pie from the cafe finished off what was pretty close to a perfect day.
- psychokinesis — mind’s ability to move objects without physical touch.
I don’t think any of us would be bothering to ask the BNP to do the same!
As you can imagine the space i was working with was small...very small, (and it all has to be cleared away in record time as we taxi before take-off)... but it just goes to prove that 'big is not always better'.
While Jesus was on earth and all through His ministry, the Pharisees gave Him great opposition because of their religious fervency. Religion kept the Pharisees from worshipping their Messiah even as it kept Saul of Tarsus from accepting the proclamation of the risen Lord.
‘He wasn’t all that good. I wouldn’t say he was dangerously ill but he just said he didn’t feel all that right. They kept asking him to drink water.
"Ready To Rock" - 3:24
Today we learned how to set up a sterile field, drop sterile items on that field and how to put on sterile gloves. We also learned sterile dressing changes and removal of sutures among other things. We only had a few hours of lab today as our morning was filled with necessary paperwork. It’s my understanding that from here on out, we will have one full day of lab and one full day of lecture each week…
What this country needs is an identifiable right-of-centre political party. One that is not confused about where it stands on matters of sovereignty, democracy, the size of government, educational elitism, personal responsibility, sentencing and prisons, policing, immigration, the erosion of individual liberty.
Yes it’s me again. I can’t help it. I have to write. What about, I don’t know. Something or other. I’ve done a lot of writing today. Also did a lot of laundry and some other chores and helped my mother do some shopping and did look for some jobs but without much luck. However, I am not giving up. Someday I’m going to get out of this situation I’m in. Someday I will get myself out of this. Somehow. I’m working on it.
These are the changes that we can control.
It also makes it easier to write and direct my own book trailers:
May 16, 2012
(Alec Baldwin makes a goofy face)
Another notable musician Mr John Swan ( Swannee) wrote this piece of work called “I Believe” and for today, I wanted to add it to this! Very wise words Swanee.
Treatment of osteoarthritis with a herbomineral formulation: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study.
This is a slightly red amber color. And OH smell those hops. Flowery and citrusy nose with a great caramel malt backbone. Tasting it and OH WOW! Nice hops strength but no bite. Awesome. Nice plum and caramel on the back end of the tongue. It finishes uber-clean. Slight aftertaste of hops, 4 Star. There is some beady, and it is just plain super hoppy. It reminds me of the Sam Adams Imperial Pilsner.
What a fabulous way to start the day!!!
Thanks for reading. Here are some pictures from the Joshua Tree run.
1399 ***D-X/10/2001. “One Month Later: September 11 Further Considered.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Part B-2.)
* If your Little Diva wins one of the two Cover Model spots, you agree to submit at least 5-7 high resolution photographs to Little Diva Tutus within TWO (2) WEEKS of receiving your Little Diva Tutus outfit or dress. Since these photos will be used on the front page of our website NO watermarks may appear on the photos. Photo credit and a website link will be given on the front page of the website!
It is as dark as night with a rocky head that fades to a nice thin layer of foam that lasts till the end. Initially, it strikes you as a strong coffee stout with a medium heavy mouthfeel. Then you start realizing that there is a spiciness behind the roasty malts and all of that coffee. There is something I just couldn't put my finger on...till I remembered the coffee I used. It was a Christmas Blend coffee. Those spices are nutmeg and a touch of cinnamon. They are just so far in the background that I didn't realize what they were.
If you have a blog you can blog about this giveaway. You can borrow the text about the fragrances and use the photo of the ELLA fragrances in your blog post. Please make sure to include a link to this giveaway in your post. Including a link to the ELLA website would also be polite (note to Icelandic bloggers: tengið á íslensku ELLA síðuna ef þið bloggið á íslensku)
The Stoke-on-Trent North Constituency Labour Party hopes that this does not cause undue problems when viewing the website.
Here's a little collage of photos from our trip. I wrote Mikayla's name in the sand, and the boys made sand angels. I have a whole new appreciation for the amazing work that Carly Marie does with her Names in the Sand...wow! The sunset was on our last night, and I thought our angels were doing quite a beautiful job painting the sky. =) Mikayla is with us wherever we go now, always in our thoughts
Then it's straight upstairs for bathtime. I bath all 4 at once and it's never a quiet exercise. Finn is usually bouncing off the walls encouraged by his sisters and clothes are flying around me. As the pregnancy goes on my patience is being a little tested but bath time is fun time. However, a quick bath is always a good bath in my opinion. All the big kids are out and dried before elodie and she's my last little one out of the bath and dressed. It's a huge relief when we're out of there!
It isn’t really a plein air piece just practice. I am committed to doing plein air this summer. It’s something I quit doing a few years back and I miss it. Seems I needed a push to get going again and I got just that from a friend who has taken up painting. She wants to learn so she asked me if we could set a time to do it on a regular basis this summer.
The two boys from Barcelona, Hector Bellerin and Jon Toral, have also enjoyed some promising moments. Bellerin has tended to operate more frequently as a right back, and some of his performances have indicated that the defensive side of his game still requires some fine-tuning, but he is steadily improving in that regard, whilst, in an attacking sense, his regular forays down the right flank have caused problems for opposition defences up and down the country. Toral, meanwhile, has not been seen of late after his season was ended prematurely by injury, but the cultured midfielder should be fully fit in time for pre-season and, during his appearances for the club thus far, has demonstrated his potential by being engaged in some neat passing moves.
For long we have equated chauvinism with males. After all, we all have been living in a male dominated, patriarchal society for ages. So, male chauvinists were bound to exist in plenty especially since we found women facing obstacles every time they made an attempt to advance in life or tried out something that was slated to be male domain. So, men with conservative views about what women should be or do abounded in plenty. But, are all women the same miserable tortured lot even today? The women, who have waged and won many of their wars with society for equality and rights, do some if not all, stand innocent when it comes to making use of their freedom? Are not some women victimizing the very men they accused of being chauvinists?
Enjoy the challenge and remember the winner receives a FREE MFP Stamp set!
Josh Matthews is here to give us a dumb ass question to Mark Henry.
I wanted to find the best poker affiliate which has a wide range of rakeback offers, fast cashouts, rakeraces, poker freerolls, poker bonuses so my choice is RakebackInn.com
Perhaps you know that my own mother was murdered by a neighbor. (I have told the story before-just click the link.) I don't know if you realize how perplexing it is to that young person who resides in me -ever an innocenti- who cannot comprehend how someone familiar and well-known-a lifelong neighbor- could do something so drastically cruel.
Do they ever figure out what they really believe? Or are they just too distracted to stay on an exacting, and sometimes painful, course of thought.
But her imprint on Singapore was no less significant for being so gentle. Her quiet dignity and self-discipline, her selflessness and modesty, were unique. The nation will not see the likes of Kwa again. — The Straits Times / Asia News Network
Eventually I must have scared myself back to sleep, because I awoke later and was in better sorts.
Sunday We're meeting mummy at the Lougheed mall to do spot of shopping. There was a Nightmare before Christmas wallet there that I saw when we were Christmas shopping. My wallets a little chunky for my smaller bag.
Let the cake cool in the pan about 10 minutes then invert onto a cooling rack to cool completely.
I do not do sport.
Matt Zandstra
with fragrant goodnight lips,
First off, please do not be fooled by the blog title, my Spanish-speaking abilities are absolutely horrendous. Probably should have reviewed Spanish for Dummies prior to coming here.
From the poem Two Tramps in Mud Time
Don't save me any salmon pie now cos I have seen enough fish for this week'
I am loving watching her grow, I am loving how different, yet how similar my two sweet ones are, I love watching them interact with one another. The princess loves having her big brother read to her, he reads his favourite books which he knows page from page, her favourite is Where is the Green Sheep by Mem Fox - I think it has something to do with all the funny voices that he uses.
According to the Oxford definition, a Bluestocking is a woman with strong scholarly or literary interests.
Conflans is a small town about 45 minutes outside the centre of Paris. The train leaves from St Lazare, and costs about €4.50 each way, ish. There are two stations - we went to the more central one, Conflans-St Honorine but there is apparently another that you may wish to explore.
But my babies are really these kids. These children.
ND - But what is it that we are trying to stop here. Is it that we are trying to get clubs to live within their means? Because if it is the way to do that is to make sure that clubs pay their players on time, pay the taxman on time and if they should go into administration they get hit with a huge penalty. Actually stopping clubs emerging from administration is another thing entirely so we have to be careful to be talking about what really is going on here and I think once you talk to the supporters, particularly the supporters that were involved in that survey, once you explain the reality of what a newco is and what a CVA is, it does put a different complexion on things and I think people are using terminology like liquidation when liquidation may never happen under either proposal. It may happen but it may not happen. You know, it’s newco and transfer of share or CVA, but the distinction is a fairly fine one.
Of course there were many other wonderful quilts in the show, but I will have to share those tomorrow, as I am almost out of battery on my laptop. But I thought I would close by sharing the text I received from my son, when I told him that I had won ribbons on all 3 quilts..... He replied.... "LOL you mean a quilt with my face on it won a ribbon!"
We recently did a little overhaul in our office. It was the one room that still felt extremely unfinished and completely cluttered from our move almost two years ago. I was a goofball and didn't take before pics so the after pics really won't be impressive to you becuase I will assure you that it's nothing very fancy. However, we're happy with our little office/Boone's room and that's what matters. (What really matters is I don't feel a vein in my neck popping out from stress each time I walk in the room now. I kid.)
They wrote this paean to male adolescent fantasies.
Hence how I wound up with 12 servings of chili for less than $10 – and that’s ten NEW ZEALAND dollars. To be fair, I got the mince on sale (but it is PRIME mince, people!).
Am I fat? Technically, yes. The number on the scale is higher than I thought it would ever be. I wear it well, and most people don't know. But it can't stay this way. I want to be comfortable in my own skin again. I want my clothes to be too big. I want to feel skinny and sexy again. I want to be healthier and stronger.
P.S. I enjoyed Ricky Gervais' performance in "Ghost Town," but found him pretty boring in this one, despite his having given himself a couple of emotional scenes to work in. (He cowrote the screenplay.)
Check out what the other girls made,you will be surprised and you will make a prodject of your own...I'm sure about that!!!
My company run low resistance tires on all wheel positions. Yep, they have zero traction.
When you get a moment ( LOL ) most likely will be when you receive your next renewal, go ahead and check your policy, assure yourself that you and you’re family are adequately protected with the right coverages’ for you risk. If you’re not sure call your agent or call us and we’ll be happy to give you an auto policy protection review.
2) The sound of bagpipes playing Amazing Grace over the quiet sobbing, and Brotherly hugs that complete stranger officers give each other at the funerals.
nothing but salt
Work is busy. Next week we have a probationers' in service training so that will be a bit of a break.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to see the problems in this world where people suffered in poverty, through mental breakdowns, abuse and violence and even then I did not question my existence within the believe that those in power and control should take care of it and I as this little, insignificant part of this system should just sit and hope that everything will be fine
Clearly this has to be assembled early in the day, but that’s the beauty of it. When you are freshly out of bed, having your coffee and planning your day, this can be thrown together and you’ve finished the dinner preparation for the day.
Bruschetta–another favorite at my home. I often make this Italian-inspired appetizer several times during the summer by topping garlic-rubbed toasted bread with a mixture of homegrown grape tomatoes and fresh basil tossed in olive oil and seasoned with sea salt. I usually jazz it up with crumbled goat cheese and drizzled balsamic vinegar and enjoy it with my family out on our cobblestone patio. Ah, bliss!
I spent the week debating how to decorate the case. Dragons were one option, baby eating cannibals (from the chancel arch of a local norman church) were another. John suggested a Yorkshire rose, since we live in the old north riding - but the trouble is I’m not really a Yorkshire lass, for all my current abode, so I decided to go heraldic and do a simple laid and couched version of the arms of the city of Durham – the town where I was born, and in whose county I grew up. This was the first time I’ve done embroidered slips in donkey’s years, hence they may no be entirely straight – velvets hard as it moves under your needle. Laid and couched work heraldry was just nicely undemanding for a Sunday afternoon fun project though.
Don't forget... it's almost time for PLG #14!! Coming very very soon!! So stay tuned! Or if you are like me... go to bed and then check us out in the morning with your cup of coffee!! :-)
Melkote, S.R. 1991. Communication for Development in the Third world: Theory and Practice. New Delhi, Sage.
For the cheese, I used Greven Broeker, a cow’s milk cheese from Belgium ($31.95 a pound), for the majority and a little bit of Roquefort, Mons, from France, a raw, sheep’s milk cheese sent from Bedford Cheese Shop. The roquefort has a stronger, hefty tang than the Greven Broeker. I bought the Greven Broeker in November at South End Formaggio in Boston. I opened the wrapping to find the cheese with a slimy coat. It had the color of a very pale beige. But I used it anyway and I’m still here two days later.
When you have to book in advance and work with ambient light you're at the mercy of the elements. Fortunately Spain is a lovely sunny country so chances are the light will be good, but it's always worth thinking about the best time of year to photograph a particular tourist attraction.
The Sentimentalists by Johanna Skibsrud (D&M Publishers)
About Margaret: Margaret lives with her husband and two daughters in a Chicago suburb. Her book, A Mother’s Heart Knows was published by Thomas Nelson in 2005. Go Back and Be Happy, a co-authored book will be published by Lion Hudson in July 2008. Margaret has been featured on Greg Wheatly’s “Prime Time America,” TLN’s “Aspiring Women,” and LeSea’s “The Harvest Show.” Margaret writes freelance articles for The Daily Herald, the largest suburban Chicago newspaper. Notable interviews include Wolfgang Puck, Thomas Kinkade, Susan Branch and Dr. John Gottman. Margaret also wrote a feature article for crosswalk.com. With a master’s degree in international business, Margaret became a vice president in the corporate finance division of a New York City bank and worked there from 1986-1993. Supporting charitable causes is important to Margaret. For the past five years, she has served on the board of directors for WINGS, an organization that helps abused women and their children get a new start in life.
11. Broccoli
If stress urinary incontinence is more likely to arise from a planned vaginal delivery than from a planned caesarean section, then the costs of dealing with this complication increase the cost of the former – to a point at which, while the cost differential is not eliminated or reversed, it is dramatically reduced. Taking this downstream cost into account, planned vaginal delivery has a total cost of £3,275, compared with £3,359 for planned caesarean section, and the additional cost of an increase in the rate of planned caesarean sections from 10% to 11% would be c.£0.5 million.
Monferno is the middle child of the Sinnoh Fire starter. Like Combusken before it, it gains the Fighting subtype. It evolved from Chimchar at level 14, and learns Mach Punch as its first Fighting move.
I reached out to touch the tree to see and feel if it was there or not. Well apparently it was not. Because what I thought was a tree’s trunk was just more space I could occupy. And occupy I did moving into the space that looked like a tree but was blurred as it vibrated to the frequency of the tone I was emitting.
We were driving last week into a colder climate where I saw a small pond with ice starting to spin its tentacles along the water. Soon the ice will win the day and the water will retreat into hibernation. We had just watched a movie about a man falling into an icy river. He tried valiantly to pull himself up on the ice pads floating on the river. The harder he tried to heave himself up; the faster the ice would break into pieces. Eventually the man gave up and swam for the shore. Luckily, he made it to safety.
I have one "Little Fella" stamp set to give away to one lucky person! All you need to do is leave a comment on this post – please be sure to include your e-mail address so I can contact you if you win! You have until midnight on February 19th to leave a comment. I will post the winner here on Monday, February 20th.
I quickened my pace and she took my hand in her soft wrinkled hand. I instantly felt the warmth. My eyes became moist. I wanted to ask her so many things but my courage failed me.
so I'm a little worried about them.
Neighbor Nurse: iPhone.
The real and sustainable ways to help the housing industry and simultaneously those people of moderate income are to implement the reforms I propose. Among them are: a) Abolishing the property tax on primary residences of NJ taxpayers; b) Structural reforms in the extensive government apparatus of NJ abolishing one or more layers; c) Drastic increase in the minimum wage; d) State income tax code reform.
According to Paul 'Willo' Williams the author of 'You're Wondering Now - The Specials From Conception To Reunion' and a 2-Tone expert, the image of Eaton on The Selecter's album cover is a universal symbol for 2-Tone, "Steve will always be remembered simply for his iconic pose on the front cover of The Selelcter's Too Much pressure album. That image has been as much used around the world as Walt Jabsco himself. He was without a doubt , the worlds best dressed man who had plenty of time for everybody. He will be missed by many."
with all those people around
All told it took me about 30 minutes to do these three rolls. Not bad for some custom tape. Now I never have to worry about running out of my favorite supplies while working on my art journal!
I am, with all that, in a lucky situation. When I started writing just as the U.S. and the rest of the West were beginning to crumble financially, in 2006, I had already had a long, well rewarded professional career. We lived frugally. I don’t have to worry how we will pay the grocery bill tomorrow. We don’t have dependents. I don’t have to cool my heels in any publisher’s antechamber or Inbox. What Baron Bodissey and Dymphna have to go through, or Fjordman who is in exile too, and doesn’t have the cushion I have, is so much harder. Derbyshire too, who has posted photos of his children training at a rifle range, just in case.
Now if we can send people to the moon, are you telling me they have no idea how to fix this disaster in the gulf.
13 April
Despite the rain we had all day, Mr. Vittles and I went to a cookout at my dad & stepmom's house tonight.
First we have my Beatnik, which I am really enjoying despite the fact that the cabling gets tiring after while. I'm finished with the back and a sleeve, and now working on the front and the other sleeve.
Mrs. Cameron opted for five-inch heels, guaranteeing she would not have to partake of any exercise and confined herself to talking and shaking hands. Very slim, she wore a hot pink over blouse cinched at the waist with a black belt and black pants.
Today, around half of Russians old enough to remember the coup believe that the events of August, 1991 marked the beginning of their country’s precipitous, inexorable decline. The greatest tragedy of the coup, it seems, is that so many Russians view it, and the Soviet Union’s collapse, as a tragedy.
2 tsp. lemon zest
If you scroll down to the "labels" section of this blog, it will become clear to you Who the center of my life is. It's the label with the most posts...
I guess I'll stop rambling and mention today's treat
If I was a morning show TV producer, I would model my morning show after NPR’s “All Things Considered” this show is not too celebrity focused, but it has a levity. It gets straight into the news, much like CBS. But it takes time to hit on a variety of stories from politics to health to sports to economics.
"We know! We know!" the sparrows chirped. "We have been to town and peeped in the windows. We know where they are going. The greatest splendor and glory you can imagine awaits them. We've peeped through windows. We've seen them planted right in the middle of a warm room, and decked out with the most splendid things-gold apples, good gingerbread, gay toys, and many hundreds of candles."
De Tocqueville, A. (2003). Regards sur le Bas-Canada, Typo.
However, I am of a scientific nature. And I continued to hurt. And I wanted to figure this out and find an answer. Why did my back not hurt so much those two times? Was there a common variable?
Cowardly Lions
Remember it used to look like this:
I have blogged about this before because you either unschool or you don't. All of those people that say these phrases are not unschooling because if they were they wouldn't say things like that.
Sunday, March 25, 2012 from 2-4pm features artist/activist Favianna Rodriguez in conversation with gallery director Anyka Barber and special guest curator/collector Ashara Ekundayo.
Learn to extend acceptance with your tone, facial expressions, and questions. You earn the right to challenge an idea after you understand and accept it. Ask how might this work rather than explaining why it won’t, for example.
Obligatory Knitting Shit
Bracelets:
from the tub.
You don't have to use a KD image to play along or to be entered in the random drawing for 2nd and 3rd place. In order to be chosen card of the week and your choice of 3 digis, you'll need to use a KD image.
5. Political parties love democracy, as it seems to be fair to everyone. Anyone can bid for any place in the party, including the top most. That is the theory at least.
Limit my time on Pinterest.
Your helpful purchases through those links, generates much appreciated pennies to keep this blog running. Your feedback and support… just way cool, and way appreciated. Thanks!
This is 100% true. Inquisition plays some super-fucking-evil, above-par black metal, but their "hook", as it were, lies deeply in the vocal delivery of guitarist Dagon. His nasal, monotone croaking is equal parts narration and singing, and I can't help but picture him thumbing casually through a newspaper in the studio as he recorded this stuff. Totally ridiculous, and probably the sort of thing that would drive away 99% of prospective listeners. Luckily, you are one of the elite 1%, my friend. That's why we're both here.
Of course that never happened. Has anyone read the book?
Like always, I hope you enjoy this tasty beverage along with my recommendation for the cocktail.
Here are a couple of pictures – the first time I’ve ever cooked for 16 people, this may not seem like a feat to many, but to me- this was fun but very tiring! There was way more food, including Veggie starters and mains – I just forgot to take pictures!
I am impelled forward by John Dewey’s endorsement of ways of knowing that carry across the boundaries between disciplines; his melding of the ethical and the practical; his conceptualization of teacher-as-learner (particularly pertinent today); his faith in process before product; his view of the institution of the school as the proper spawning-ground for moral sensibility and the development of role models; his healthy opinion of the child’s affection for the teacher as a suitable foundation for learning; his belief in the organic relationship of disparate subjects to each other; his conviction that art is a form of praxis and that the quality of the thing made far outweighs quantity; his insistence that the “machinery of thought” must be kept moving for reflection to exercise its greatest influence; and that the teacher demonstrate correct learning through daily behavior – not only through what he says, but what he does.
I have never, in my memory, watched a Republican debate. I did tonight. Oh my eyes, my burning eyes.
And I will savor it all, the good and the bad ... because I can. Because he is "twoooo!" Hooray!
"Yes, because there is no succession."
Hello Everyone! My mom finally made it home and my dad and I had a wonderful birthday celebration waiting for her! We had toyed with the idea of going out to eat. However with the rain my parents and I decided to cook at home and stay dry! However with the grill being outside I am not sure how dry my dad stayed! Tonights birthday menu featured Steak, Maui Maui, and Shrimp! With Parmesan Edamame Risotto, and an Undone Caprese Salad for sides! Yes some very Italian inspired side dishes! My dad was in charge of grilling while I was in charge of the salad and the Risotto! I have mentioned before that I just love cooking for people, and I enjoyed collaborating a meal with my dad for my moms birthday!
disappeared every time I left
We did this activity for morning work today and the kids had fun with it. I got the poem from this book by Scholastic which I love... it has poems for EVERYTHING!!!! We do a poem each week for fluency and put them in our poetry notebooks. I have amassed a large collection of poetry books, but this one is my favorite!
So, here's how the contest works: I get to test out a piece of Su Casa's furniture for a month. I will be writing about my experience from purchase to delivery to cohabitation with my new piece all the way until the tearful goodbye.
Let me know what you think in the comments. Do you have a vote for a favorite height? (not that I'll be able to talk the hubs into moving it again). Thanks for stopping by!
There once was an all female taxi company called Angels cabs but it broke up I hear because you cannot specify one gender over another,
And he claims he’s doing it because that’s what Gai would do. Yup, despite all that shit he’s been through, he still hasn’t actually manned the fuck up. And he basically makes the argument that it’s ‘tough love’ so basically this is all really boring. Oh, and nobody suspects that Inori attacked Arisa.
The other kedai-kopi chatter is about him leaving his first wife and marrying another man’s wife. But that is personal mates, so we shall let that chatter fly through the window as quickly as it came through the door-ajar, okay.
Seriously, I had to revert to seeing a doctor at the emergency room the other day when I spent the day there with my son, and I've been popping pills like candy ever since. Can't help but feel like they're simply a bandaid solution though...
It smells of petrol. But not in a bad way - I like the smell of petrol.
Of course, that’s NOT the lesson to take from this at all. There’s a definite stigma about illness, and we’re trained not to talk about it, ill and well alike. In fact, one of my closest friends was sick for years before telling me about it, and she only told me because I shared my diagnosis with her. I noticed her taking pills and taking sick days and even asked about it all. Even between two close friends, the subject is taboo.
The enormous Sudcrawler lumbers off toward the
Bake for 20 - 30 minutes or until the cake is golden brown and starts to pull away from the sides of the pan. Avoid opening the oven door for the first 20 minutes. Test toward the end of the baking time and just crack the oven door a bit to peak in and see if it is done. Touch the center of the cake with one finger if it leaves a finger print it is not done. Leave it in for 5 more minutes.
No sooner is he dead and gone, there's blessed pulpits-full;
Well, you’re in luck! Art or Idiocy? is excited to announce the launch of The AESTHETE. A reality competition where contestants vie for the coveted roll of Director of the MCA. If you think you can shmooze, network, hobnob and determine the visual aesthetic of a major metropolitan city, and so on, then send a cover letter explaining why, along with your resume, to artoridiocy@gmail.com!
So, J likes Reddit, and I don't really read it so I'll probably butcher this explanation, but there's this one forum on Reddit called Forever Alone where people write about how Forever Alone they are. (It hails back to some internet meme, if I'm not mistaken.) And it's mostly self-deprecating but sometimes really sad, actually: people will say things like, I'm geeky. I've never kissed anyone. I ordered two extra-large pizzas because there was a sale and when the deliveryman came I called "Pizza's here, guys!" to my empty house so he wouldn't think they were just for me.
The race started on time though there were people trying to get through the bathroom lines and we headed off into the predawn stillness. The first part of the course was an uphill walk back to the parking lot. From there the light started coming up and we jogged off into the desert.
Drunken behaviour was reported but not specific to the stations, on one occasion in the 1850’s a caretaker refused to allow two mourners to board as they were too intoxicated. On another a ticket collector found a group of passengers were so drunk they were dancing around their carriage on the return journey.
Understand how God, who so loves the world that He gave is only son to die, so that we may have life, feels regarding all these people we meet. I bear responsibility for not saving that dog. Oh, you, and I, can rationalize that away and make it OK, make excuses why it was not our responsibility, but the reality was I was the one who knew the dog was there and I was the one who did not want to make the small personal sacrifice to go and pick it up, to save it from death. How much more will God hold us responsible for the lives around us. Think about it. Go and read that scripture again and understand God’s heart and will. The early church was committed to helping each other out, committed to feeding the poor and mostly loving others as God loves us. At the prison this weekend I several times said “We are the only Jesus people here can ever see” for anyone who is a true believer understands that God desires we work to do His will, to bring life and save the lost from the certain death that comes without God.
Each beautifully decorated bedroom has its own private balcony. The classical style and quality furniture throughout the hoilday rental penthouse creates an elegant yet comfortable atmosphere. The complete kitchen gives you the freedom to prepare your favorite drinks or meals.
Dear Bialetti Espresso Maker:
Automated upon a superdisc levitating in a macro-causal vacuum
Yesterday I watched three people be baptized into the Catholic Church, and two more make their profession of Faith before all five were confirmed, thus completing their full initiation. They were young and by all observation “normal” people. They decided on their own to join the Church. It’s hard not to think “really? us?”
I think I still have a bit of a hangover from WBW's 1st anniversary blast last week. My mind is blank, over played in the face of the remarkable nature of your kind comments and well wishes. My pictures seem random and disconnected as I look for candidates to splash a blog post with. It's hard to see a thread of logic or a story to connect them with. I wish I had a good turkey picture to make ironic Thanksgiving comments about, maybe relate it to the naive Native Americans who paid a hefty price for the sin of poor character assessment when the billowing sails of ocean going vessels first tipped over the Eastern Horizon. That point has been made, sharpened many times over.
In this case it's another oak aged stout. And true to form it pours well, but I already can't stand the smell. It's an opaque black with brown highlights and a decent tan head. Smells like whisky (no 'e') though, not beer. Smells smoother than some American variants though, so maybe Scottish whisky really is better than American whiskey. I know a few Scots who proclaim this, but I hope they're not readers. (Of course they're not.)
There should not be a legal action known as wrongful life.
“I’m sure you did dear. You must have done the best you could.” Why not simply give Jack a quarter, pat him on the head, and send him off like a good crazy boy?
Yeah. I'm positively giddy. Our bedroom has a nice big window, too. I positively can't wait to paint and decorate and get everything moved in. It's just a pile of boxes at the moment and we're still living out of our old space. We have to find a fridge and I thought I found something great on Craigslist, but the seller backed out last minute. GRUMP!
As the time for producing French tax returns approaches, it is worth looking again at your tax position, especially since bills will automatically rise from this year, since allowances no longer increase with inflation.
According to The Daily Mail, Manolo Blahnik’s president George Malkemus said in a statement, ‘We were looking forward to the potential collaboration between our two brands, we both came to the conclusion that fall wasn’t the right time. We hope to do something together in the future.’
Milan Petrović: Slavic languages have three branches, so in ideal case at least one language from every branch (preferably the one that is spoken by most people) would be required, i.e. Russian for East Slavic branch (this is the language in which most titles on Slavic religion are written in), Polish for West Slavic branch (language spoken by one of the most numerous populations of Slavic pagans), and Serbian for South Slavic branch (language that allows one an access to every language of central South Slavic language system and also the language in which most of the papers on Slavic religion and customs in Balkans are in, closely followed by Croatian and Bulgarian).
I’m afraid I wasn’t a good student. I truly believe the instructor headed for the nearest bar after class ended. I know I should be happy simply to have a job in this messed up economy, but it is truly sad when all you can say about your professional life is ‘at least I have a job’.
It’s a bright day: (Roll eyes)
G.R. No. L-2756
Order water - ordering water instead of sodas or alcohol can save a LOT per date. It is a bit of a sacrifice, but a smaller sacrifice to make than having fewer date nights! ;)
"Our duty is to protect mankind," Rel said stiffly. "The truce is one way of doing that."
Most of the time, you will see blogs about someone’s day to day life.
Indianapolis 500 LegendsIndianapolis 500 Legends
Well, I do not really know. Maybe all of them, maybe none.
Turn dough onto a large floured breadboard or other clean and floured surface like a counter.
At my 26 week ultrasound the neonatologist that my perinatologist asked to join my case, seemed to think that Stella had grown all she was going to grow and that by leaving her in any longer we risked her dying inside me. The ultrasound from that day showed that she was approximately 13oz and the neonatologist assured us that ultrasounds usually underestimate weight. I was scheduled for a C-Section the next morning. I was scared to death, knew that the chances of my daughter’s survival were low, and I was not ready to face this.
For a wonder, Notia did as bidden. Pevan pushed the Four Knot from her mind, quickly followed by Dagdan. The world came down to the image of Van Raighan's sleek, lean face disappearing into a circle of sky and the unseen but instinctively known outline of the Gate's residue.
Many people is worried. It is sad!
So after picking up my medal, less than 3 hours after arriving it was time to go back via the Heathrow Express and the 5th and final airport, Heathrow(5). I was then picked up from Belfast International by a friend who very kindly drove me to Donegal where my wife and friends has started the holiday, I arrived just after midnight. One thought I had was that models do this sort of travelling all the time - maybe not quite as extreme -and they do it week in and week out, I don't know how they manage it and still be so cheery and fresh during our shoots.
10. Pajarillo Barrenquero
Despite these developments, Romney believes that the Massachusetts plan is working. But the Mass plan is not the Obama plan. Romney opposes ObamaCare because of the public option (subsequently deleted form the bill) and because mandatory health insurance should be tailored by each state to meet their needs; let the states be “laboratories of democracy.” In the event ObamaCare is adopted, Romney proposes the inter-state sale of health insurance to increase competition.
to serve you. To desire NO Man!
I awoke the following morning craving Jack’s kind and gentle touch. My conundrum had already been revisited. That afternoon I went to a screening of the classic film noir “The Third Man”, starring Orson Welles and Joseph Cotton. At 1pm the lights inside the Castro Theatre dimmed. A single spotlight illuminated a miked lectern, stage left. Out of the darkness, a mustached man in his late sixties walked up to the lectern. A SF Film Festival staff badge dangled from his neck. He went on to somberly dedicate the screening to the late, deceased director of the SF Film Society. He articulated the director’s boisterous, opinionated personality, passion for film programming, and the profound impact he had in his short ten week tenure as director. Although I knew neither the speaker, nor the one he spoke about, I found the speech to be quite moving. Once the brief dedication concluded, the spotlight faded and the 16mm reels began to spin.
Britain’s Got Talent and The X Factor are made by people who understand popular culture. Increasingly, though, TV entertainment shows are made by people who don’t; they are made by people with superiority complexes and a contempt for their audiences.
That black and white tile is just insane. It's also a bit MC Escher, don't you think? (And for the young ones, despite the name, he's actually not a rapper from the 90's).
Okay, so the mail fairy came yesterday, right?? So I'm like..WHAT UP YO!? That ho came again....and only one week later!?!? How cool is that!?
a pause and let's go
I love Jesus! I love God! I love the truth! I want to worship God, find the truth and share it. I want to be a servant of God. God has blessed me beyond compare and has given me the gifts and ability to serve him. One of the ways I serve God is by writing this blog. This blog is not for my glory but for God’s glory. I posted a blog last month titled “Easter Aliens or Easter Demons (You Decide)”. It turned out to be the most popular blog I have posted to date. I had many responses to that article. I received a response from a man named Larry who told me to read an article from a website called rapture ready about a topic called “The Two Sabbaths”. This theory to most would be considered heresy. I read it and researched it with an open heart and mind. It made sense to me but I wanted to be sure I was not being deceived because if I wrote a blog about it and later found out I was wrong, it would have been nothing more than blasphemy.
This is the point at which you will hear every horror story EVER about phones that got wet and never worked again, and fried memory cards that melted to the inside of the phone so that your whole life is lost,*** and why don't you just take the battery out (um, hello? it's an iPhone, NOT a Blackberry. Because GOD FORBID Steve Jobs let us look inside our phones. Hey Steve? Pandora's Box it is NOT) and hey, did you hear about the rice trick?****
This week we are joined by TWO NEW DT members. They are super talented and I hope you will enjoy seeing their work for the next 4 months. Please welcome Sara and Penny to our little crafty crew.
Janette Fennell is the founder and president of KidsAndCars.org, a safety advocacy group based in Leawood, Kan., that focuses on issues involving children and automobiles. In a telephone interview, Ms. Fennell made her view clear, saying she believed that carmakers must develop reminder devices to warn drivers if a child is left behind.
Get out there and enjoy your Monday chicks!
Then to the suede/leather I apply a product called "Sno-Seal." It is a beeswax based water proofing ointment-like substance that comes in a jar. It works best if the boots are warm because it helps melt the product deep into the leather/suede.
But looking at this shirt, I understood why MH is such a hit in Japan - it has the kind of simplicity that has been refined and refined without losing that sense of "rawness" and that's very much in tune with a certain Japanese aesthetic. The silk cotton has raw, rough/smooth quality that feels very no-nonsense; the seams, collar and cuffs are neat and precise but they are not meant to look razor sharp and slick.It's very unassuming, elegant, and it's very confident in its simplicity. I like that. It feels luxurious to me in a way that's different from say, a Birkin bag.
Thanks for stopping by today and giving me the perfect excuse to not mop!
To the north-east of the pyramid, is the ‘Templo de los Guerreros’, the temple of the warriors complex, which consists of a large stepped pyramid fronted and flanked by rows of carved columns depicting warriors.
Over the course of the last week and a half, the media has gravitated to the easy answer to why Whitney Houston is now deceased. All roads point to her history of substance abuse and her ex-husband, Bobby Brown. Well, lets keep in mind that the autopsy has not been released, so we still don’t know her cause of death. Also, according to industry veteran Jennifer Holliday, Whitney was introduced to illicit narcotics long before she met the New Edition veteran front man.
Be sure to dry well with your heat gun!
18-Which words or phrases do you most overuse?
So evaluation forms are done – hooray.
Kit includes:
NARS Sheer Glow - Gobi (applied with a damp beauty blender sponge)
Preheat oven to 220F, and line two large baking pans with parchment paper.
Now, I'll admit that the first line to The Dead-Tossed Waves changed several times as I kept changing who the protagonist was and where/when it was set but the line that made it into the book is still the same line that started out that particular draft (and in the interesting tidbit category, I also came up with that first line while on the road and emailed it to myself -- seems to be a trend.)
It surprises me how many people I’ve met who haven’t heard of it, so I make it my duty to enlighten them…. and now, you! The secret to an iron free life is to unload the dryer immediately, fold the clothes or hang. Then on the day you pull out your favorite ensemble, simply spray any remaining wrinkles, and smooth out with your hand.
48 only
- break one of the eggs into the butter mix and beat in, next add a little of the flour mix and beat again, then add the second egg and beat it in followed by a little more flour and beat in.
I cut a 'wave' template out of cardboard and sprayed some glimmer mist over it for my background. I think I need to be a bit more heavy handed with the old glimmer mist as it always seems to look really faint on my layouts! The starfish is made out of Fimo and covered in Dimensional Magic and I just added a couple of strips of Fancy Pants and MME paper.
In my view not much else is of any significance. All of Ben Shapiro's talking points may be true. They likely are nothing more than conjecture. Then again does it really matter? bin Laden is dead, we should all be willing to give credit where credit is due. Now, isn't it time to move on to the real issues for which this President should be denied a second term?
Who also has embarked on the relation-ship road.
In one sentence, what is the book about? "Gathering String" is about the difficult choices people face when love and values conflict.
b) his niece
Daggett D. Beaver: “Nobody is a better president than Obama. Seriously. I’d rather have nobody.”
Runner for Myron
Who is being described here? The Trinity? The three-in one God? Who is “God” here?
And is smartly corrected: “That’s my bubble wrap.”
Know Your People: Defense
Last night was the First State meeting. Shelley and I had such a good day together and we totally forgot about it. Well, until 10 pm that is. Oh well, we'll have to make the next one.
The food was good there, just um, strange. I'd ordered chicken stew with dumplings. No british person would have described what came as chicken stew with dumplings. Chicken in white goop with semi-solid bits of white goop, perhaps. It tasted okay, but looked like wallpaper paste.
In truth, the criminal justice system, whose professional are some of the most vociferous defenders of the jury, know this. That’s why they create a bubble of artificiality around the jury, create rules of evidence to determine what a jury may be told, and try to insulate a jury from the information that any other member of the public might have. They do this because they know that juries will otherwise reach poor decisions, or simply irrational ones.
07 - House Of The Rising Sun
The application holds from four to six weeks, and Elegance’s color variety is a dream come true. From the tender “Rose Bouquet” to the stunning “Chili Red,” all of Elegance’s 21 colors satisfy every color preference, and every colorful wish. The fantasies of Sisel Distributors will know no limits when they see what kinds of real works of art they will be able to create to impress their friends. Especially when they find out they can work with French nails too!
Americas Airline: TAM Fidelidade
Having just opened a few months ago (cutting edge, check) and from a chef who’s pedigree includes none other than Mr. Bouloud himself (classy, check), I picked Danji hoping it would be the perfect intimate setting for a small birthday dinner.
1. Medicaid long-term support consumers comprised 6 percent of the total Medicaid population but accounted for 48 percent of total Medicaid spending.
Folgers Save $.25/1 coffee (4/30)
making it a beautiful centerpiece for her little
Towering Ambitions by Jez Strickley
These Courts are on 421 Loyola Avenue, not Tulane and Broad, so if you head there first, you better call the phone number on the notice, because very helpful folks answered, and connected the delayed party to the Court Clerk, who held their place in Court even though they arrived late.
Matthew 6:26-30: “Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they? And which of you by being anxious can add a single hour to his span of life? And why are you anxious about clothing? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow: they neither toil nor spin, yet I tell you, even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. But if God so clothes the grass of the field, which today is alive and tomorrow is thrown into the oven, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith?”
But romantic art is made to push you beyond your limits.
No one likes rejection, especially when it comes to chicks. Some guys have the ability to write it off with a simple "bitch was probably a lesbo" comment to his buddies after he makes the shame-ridden walk back to his table. Others loath rejection to such a point that they do everything in their power to avoid it. Jessica Alba could be sprawled out naked on their bed, using empty beer bottles to pregame her pussy and they would still be apprehensive about making a move. I put myself somewhere in the middle. I hate being rejected, but at the same time know how to read a girl to an educated degree.
(Los Angeles, CA) Joe Satriani, one of the most respected and innovative guitarist’s in the world, released his critically-acclaimed live concert Satchurated: Live in Montreal last week on 3D Blu-ray, DVD and Soundtrack CD, through Epic Records and today, the DVD enters at # 3 on The Billboard DVD chart.
I'm working on assembling two monograms (a 'J' and a 'S') made of natural moss to use as decoration during the ceremony and reception. I'm planning on re-using these after the wedding in our home around the holidays.
We'd already been to two cemeteries, up and down a ridge and down a holler. Where would our genealogy adventures take us? We were headed to a cemetery further into the mountains.
Mississippi- you see these folks going for Willard?
High school students also protested again demanding.. nothing terribly specific.. I think free transport was on the list at one point. The note I read today mentioned “sector reform” and “improved conditions for students”. Not terribly convincing, makes them look like just another wannabe movement.
The best-beloved Night!
District Attorney Hayward Altman said he presented the more serious charges to the grand jury because he did not know exactly what he was dealing with. It is easier to reduce charges than add more, he said. And it seemed that a more serious crime had been committed.
Results from Heart Monitoring
But can’t we just tell men to “Man Up”?
Joseph Harker gives us Reverie Sixteen: Nothing But a Pack of Cards, which offers us an involved process that’s a whole lot of fun. I have a labeling machine and now have a pack of cards with all sorts of possibilities. Go on over to read the whole.
Although, I can't say as I blame him.
Walking up to the lake, which is in another park with an entrance fee and paved paths, we pass by a cage of monkeys. There are signs saying beware of monkeys, but they don’t come out much in the cold season, so there’s a cage full of them to make sure you get your regulation monkey sighting. It’s everything I hate about zoos, too. Three macaques are housed in a concrete box with a wire front and roof, with one tree trunk for decoration. There’s not enough space. There’s nothing for them to do. Just bare prison walls.
More time has passed and he has been in my home on two different occasions. Last week, we kissed and I felt no spark. None of the passion that has always flowed between us was present on this occasion. I took note of this, thinking that it reinforced my decision weeks prior.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt.
1. Be a funambulist – I say … hmmm …well I guess I am.
1. Two CD sized papersleeve album replicas (one gatefold), with two black inner sleeves.
and I thought my biggest problem was worrying about a new pimple pooping up on Sat.....be careful what you wish for......
The 5-star book was the wonderful A Room with a View by E.M. Forster. I’ve recently started collecting those iconic Penguin Classics trade paperbacks, the ones with the black bottom border. This was a recent addition to that collection, but I had read it before, many years ago. I think it provides a wonderful introduction to Forster. It’s got great characters, who Forster both pokes fun at and adores, and it’s full of humor and reflection on the nature of living an authentic life. It’s also pretty short. If you’ve only seen the movie, which is also wonderful, please read this.
There’s a silhouette, of a man, tucked behind my eyelids.
Heat the olive oil in a large oven proof stockpot over medium heat . Add the onion, carrots, celery. garlic, tomatillos and chilies and cook until tender. Add wine, cumin, coriander, chile powder, tomatoes and stock and bring to boil. Add the uncooked meatballs, cover with lid and braise in the oven for 45 minutes.
But if that’s what you believe than I’ll accept
Touch is the story of Martin Bohm (Sutherland) a very successful journalist who is now working odd jobs to help pay for the care of his autistic son. This is difficult as his wife was in Twin Towers on 9/11 and his autistic son has a really bad habit of escaping his special needs school and climbing cell phone towers. But what begins to make his life infinitely more complicated is that there appears to be a method to the random behavior of his son. His son somehow sees how even the slightest variable affects the entire world. And in the first episode, climbing the cell tower at a certain time, setting a few cell phones to ring at certain time and leaving a few numbers to be found he engineers a way for a bus of school children to be saved, stop a terrorist bombing, launch a woman’s singing career, and save a couple’s relationship. Oh, and convince his father that he can see the larger pattern. The episode ends with Martin convinced that his new purpose in life must be to follow the clues his son gives him to help make the world a better place. And if you think I’ve given spoilers, I haven’t. Because even knowing this won’t spoil the emotional force that the end of this episode has. If you have any humanity you will be crying. And it is not often that TV can make me cry…and certainly this is the first Pilot with characters I have not invested years into has made me cry. If even a tenth of the shows in this series are half as moving, this show, no matter how long it lasts will be one of the most powerful and well written shows in history.
If Jesus doesn't return tomorrow, then praise God. This world has a little longer to come to a personal relationship with Him. If He does come tomorrow, praise God.. I'm going home! I get to start my eternity with my Lord and Savior and I get to see my momma and two babies!! Amen and Amen!
"The Rub" - unfortunately, the notice provides no guidance on what type of "showing" is needed to file a second or subsequent continuation. Is it sufficient to take a reissue-type approach by simply claiming that the applicant claimed less than he/she had a right to claim in the original application? What if you claimed that "subsequent to the Notice of Allowance, it has come to applicant's attention that certain types of products may be infringing the disclosure contained in application 10/999,999, but not literally claimed. Accordingly, applicant is submitting new claims that would encompass the potentially infringing products." Would that be sufficient?
Alex and I took the kids to the YMCA when I got home because there's no better way to celebrate narrowly avoiding a major traffic accident than by running around an empty gymnasium with your family and yelling.
to grow, yet doesn’t mean they’ll grow. It is
As to why this is important – it gives you flexibility. I remember at the end of 1999 the company I was contracted to decided they were going to cut all their IT contractors at the end of the year. They had invested in sponsoring a race car and needed the money. I wish I was kidding. I was working as a system administrator, managing Windows NT 4.0 domains, servers, and workstations. However, I had web development (ASP) and SQL Server skills from my Air Force days and when I started work, I realized that there was all kinds of information in the databases we had access to but that the interfaces we had to use were terrible. You couldn’t get the info out easily. So I set about building web pages to produce real time reports so we could track tickets, etc. It made life easier for us, we were more valuable to our end users, and I kept my ASP and SQL skills up. Needless to say, when I received word about all contracts coming to an end, I started looking. I wasn’t hired as a system administrator, but as a web developer. Having that skill set gave me the option to interview for that position. For me, that was a valuable lesson. In the current organization I’ve gone from web developer to SQL Server DBA, to infrastructure and security architect, and back to DBA again. I’ve always tried to keep my skills up to date in the various areas and that means looking for opportunities to renew skills. I want to maintain the flexibility and so do you. Look for chances to renew older skills to build that flexibility into your career.
I have done some research, and apparently, it is quite a common issue for toddlers. The good news is they seem to outgrow it eventually. Whether the severity of A’s fetish is related to his other issues (which we believe are related to meth-exposure in utero), we don’t know. We are trying to teach him some control by encouraging him to only “drink a little bit” when he has a drink in his hand. He is slowly, but surely, improving at remembering not to inhale his entire drink at the beginning of the meal (he doesn’t get any more once he drinks it), but rather to drink small sips at the time and drink throughout the whole meal. it is hard for him, though. When we give him a drink and remind him to just drink a little, he usually obeys, but it’s like his hands have little magnets and just can’t seem to release that cup back to me! More often, though, reminder or not, his little mouth sucks down that drink just as fast as it can until we physically pry it away. So for now, we have no choice but to simply monitor his intake as best we can, and hope he outgrows it in the near future. Otherwise, either I will run out of sheets from constant laundering, or the earth will run out of water. We’ll see which comes first.
Proper marketing is really going to cost you, but luckily I work for cheap. So, Iran, take my advice, and you'll be a world leader in no time.
And I got the biggest smile on my face when I found this most creative collection of art piece/images by the talented Leslie of A Creative Mint. Delightful!
one sees the path
Surrender is often misunderstood as inactivity. Truthfully, it has nothing to do with the bodying doing or not doing. It’s an attitude, a state of mind, which keeps saying, “Okay. This is the way it is.”
The Zombie Question is a big issue in Haiti, Roosevelt as assistant secretary of the navy, had to write a constitution for the island republic.
I do beseech your majesty may salve
This thing is too damn drinkable. Now, we've had some issues with Pale Ale's in the past (Leaky Faucet anyone?), but this one's on point. Well, it's at least a jumping off point. There's a bit too much caramel malt causing it to be slightly on the sweet side, but other than that, it's rather well balanced. I've been partaking in a lot of these, and it's slated to be made again soon. Could we be onto a "House Beer" with this one? Potentially, but it still needs a bit of work. I'm thinking a little less caramel malt to start. We'll see how it goes.
“What you're after scoring yerself are ya Jack?”
I would like to thank ILuvNUFC for nominating me for the excellent blog award. I would like to thank all you who egg me on. And my dogs. And chocolate.
Pood is my life raft.
In this light faith now abides.
Just thought it was funny and figured I’d post. Maybe I’ll ask the google gods a little more about it cause based off the Da Vinci Code, I may have just witnessed a cult meeting.
Cricut Classic Font: Sun at 3.5 inches
- Quo baked to Perfection, Twice as Nice, Endless Beauty set: 15% off
Contrary to rumors, no one was shot on Martin Luther King, Jr, Boulevard (then called Nineteenth Street). Whitman did, however, wound someone at Twentieth and University, just southwest of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority house, and hit another at Twenty-fifth and Guadalupe. Both of these victims were about 1,000 yards away from the Tower.
Saarah, sounding unbelievably genuine in her response: “Because I’m tired and I want a nap.”
WG: Okay, so I just want people who read the blog to know a bit about how you live. What car do you drive?
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Secret of the Andes ~ by Ann Nolan Clark (Peru)
Proudly Mountain Tribe ... by way of New Jersey. Okay, that peg is really gonna fit that hole.
At Thanksgiving, have you ever felt a loss that made you question why you should be grateful, made you angry with God?
Ananda Shankar - Ananda Shankar
After attending a meeting of Cardiff Unite Against Fascism (UAF) today it once again poses the question where next for UAF. There was only 6 people in attendance including to members two of the Socialist Party and one member of the Socialist Workers' Party, a low attendance despite recent mobilisations to both Swansea and Newport for anti-fascist demonstrations.
Those of you who know me are well aware that I usually do not buy books, for the simple reason that most of the times it’s just skim reading, going through the book (fiction/ non-fiction/ other classifications out there in the universe) and taking away 2-3 key concepts that stay with me. I might return to revisit a few concepts now and then, but am not exactly in love with the idea of ‘rereading’ books.
Current Price: N/A
According to the Seattle Times, Mayor Mike McGinn said those demonstrators then ditched their black clothes and lost themselves in the crowd.
Leo Graham - My Little Sandra
Existing case law of the EPO takes a very broad view of public disclosure. If the relevant information is accessible it is generally deemed to be publically disclosed, irrespective of whether or not anyone has actually accessed the information. Thus all the books in a library would be considered as being publically disclosed (T381/87). However the EPO has also decided that an uncatalogued document in a library, whose existence was not known, was not public (T314/99). G1/92 held that the composition of a product is disclosed if the product is publically available, irrespective of whether or not there is a motivation to ascertain its composition. Thus according to G1/92 there should be no element of subjectivity in determining what is disclosed, it only being dependent on whether the means for analysis is available. G1/92 also considered undue burden as part of the test for whether something was disclosed.
Every ones pal Ruthie, sent 2 kinds of shampoo
passes by the scattered sketches.
The theme is: ANYTHING GOES!!!........ so you don't have excuses... we let you free to create in complete freedom..... show us what you can do!!!
I opened my writing software and was going to work but then I couldn't remember exactly what I wanted to do with it so I started reading what I'd already done, made a few adjustments and then I got tired and bored and lost interest before I even finished reading it, let alone write anything new.
I am getting a toothache putting all these photos together in one place... and since we are not a group that generally goes for sugar induced comas, my thought is that these may end up being carrot cake cupcakes with cream cheese frosting. I have never made carrot cake as cupcakes, so do not take my very unexpert advice on this one... I will be checking with my mom. Either way, still awesome looking!
Yesterday, I had an early birthday celebration with my parents. My birthday isn’t until next Friday, but because of my BodyPump training next weekend I am completely booked.
Happy Tuesday! This is a fun easel card that I'm thinking of entering into one of this week's Just Magnolia Challenges. I'll just have to figure out how to do that. (Remember, I'm not exactly a computer wizard!) I had such a fun time making this card...Cardstock (vanilla & creamy caramel) is from Stampin-Up. Designer paper is from Tapestry/C.R. Gibson, and K&Company. Ribbon, flowers, & pearls came from my stash! I used Copics to color Tilda as follows:
Second, the cashback approach is not always an option where you travel. In my experience in Latin America, few retailers will charge more than the total due for fear of fraud.
Our son had talked us into buying his computer so that
- If you do cook, use the most basic ingredients (cook pasta, bung sauce from a jar on it)
Clockblocker and Kid Win stopped walking and looked our way curiously.
At The Sunday Whirl, Brenda and The Whirl are having their one year anniversary and celebrate with words sent in by wordlers. Visit to see the wordle and to read what others have done.
Actually, I’m not entirely sure I’ll be able to participate myself! I have not yet discovered any Australians (or New Zealanders) in my family tree who died in military service. I may have to have a chat with my co-conspirator Seonaid (@genebrarian) about whether I can bend the rules a little…
Hence, their relationship starts.
A poem is more like a plankton than like a vigilante. Whoever thinks of plankton as particularly active? But did you know that within the plankton are the seeds of the clouds?
I've already got some great support from friends. I have friends who have done WW before and are doing it again. I've got friends who have support groups on Facebook that they have invited me to be part of.
Until next time!!
Let me ask you – Have you ever fasted – why or why not? If you have fasted, have you ever had a spiritual breakthrough as a result of fasting? What comes to your mind when you think of fasting?
Today I was watching the episode of HIMYM where Marshall fires Randy Wharmpess. Randy was a disaster in the big corporate office and as much as Marshall didn’t want to hurt Randy, he finally fired him. Marshall had nightmares of Randy being suicidal with the news when in fact, Randy wasn’t hurt at all. He was ecstatic and blessed that he was fired! Finally, Marshall forced him free from his job that he hated, allowing him to follow his dreams of selling his Wharmpess Beer. Marshall thought he was ending Randy’s life when really he was empowering him to finally start it. When Marshall sacrificed himself to ‘benefit’ Randy by ‘un-firing’ him, they both ended up unhappy. Marshall still had an incompetent assistant and Randy was back at his hated job, not courageous enough to quit for his beer. In the end, Marshall benefits from re-firing him because then he can hire someone who can love the job and be helpful to him while Randy benefits because he now is forced to live his dream and sell Wharmpess.
Having been aware of all the Kirk case since c2005 and in many ways been subjected to the same underhand vicious tactics, as have many others who have run along side this case, struggling with almost identical abuse in a mirror image of the Kirk case. Whilst it is all too easy to accuse particular sectors of the community, the truth is that we have all been bullied by localized gangs whom are nationally connected i.e. tentacles everywhere and where the Police et al have, as they are uninsured, been running a closed shop to protect their own Status Quo.
I look up from the email I am rushing to finish so that I can put out a snack for the girls and start packing for ballet. "Um, why? Did you talk about Japan in school today?"
Rest assured though, for Rupert this is water off a duck who has been swimming around in an oil slick’s back, and will be nothing more than a minor delay. He is probably boiling the kettle as we speak and telling James, in the words of Bernard-Paul Heroux, ’there is no trouble so great or grave that cannot be much diminished by a nice cup of tea.’
One life contained
Never give up on what God has already pre-ordained for you. Stand tall, stand strong. Persevere, be patient. Be kind and bless others. Pour into others and others will eventually pour into you.
So I have been sponsoring a community in the Trincomalee area of Sri Lanka via ChildFunds. To be specific, I am sponsoring Prabodhika and her community. Its the least I can do for being anti-baby.
If you have perpendicular seams, make sure to finish all of the seams traveling in the same direction before sewing up any cross seams. For instance, each lengthwise skirt seam should be bound before the skirt gets stitched to the bodice along the waist seam.
James Morey asked many questions in a previous conversation. They are all important questions, if someone is honestly seeking answers. We have seen in the past that many are not seeking answers, but seek an argument. There is a difference. While we all love to banter here I thought it would be fitting to answer these questions as a post.
For the record I live on an island where cannabis is still very illegal and still very much misunderstood. The myths surrounding the plant are still alive and kicking. Most people I meet and have met from overseas usually assume that where I’m from, ganja is legal and they are always surprised when I tell them, “unfortunately not.”
So instead of a hat he got a lasso!
Radiohead--Street Spirit (Fade Out) (Acoustic)
A few of my favorite stops that are close for me is the lower McKenzie River at Armitage park. Many native cutthroat and rainbow trout there. Another spot is the lower Willamette River known as the ‘Town Run’. This water has mainly been fished for Salmon and Steelhead, but a secret few know there are trout holding among them.
Girl and Boy still love each other. They get married.”
“It’s beautiful,” said Kowalski.
That person is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season and whose leaf does not wither— whatever they do prospers.
Sweet Lord. This is easily the highest song ever recorded. What do I mean by "highest"? I mean this song was undoubtedly written while high, recorded while high, and produced while high. I wasn't there, but I can say with absolute conviction that no one was not stoned during any point from inception to release of this song. In fact, I think they should have given a marijuana plant writing credits for Kite Man. This song is what THC sounds like.
Anyway the bloody diarrhea is technically produced by a toxin called the Shiga toxin and that is the toxin that damages the intestines. This nasty little toxin infects more than 70,000 people a year in the United States. That's crazy! That's a whole lot of people every year. You'd think Colby's doctor would have picked up on the major indicator of something like that but again that's just the jaded parent talking.
Oh I'm not materialistic. Be in tune with yourself, nature and the universe, not crap like that. I buy lots of unexpensive stuff that regularly gets recycled/donated to charity.
Day 302: Fly Bird
Then one fateful day in August 2008, the young couple left their four small children in the care of grandparents and took off on a day trip via Cessna. Christian had recently earned his pilot’s license, and they were up for adventure, along with Christian’s flight instructor and friend. They spent a beautiful day flying to New Mexico to visit Christian’s family’s ranch. En route to home, the three stopped to refuel the plane, and shortly after taking off again, one of the small plane’s engines stalled and the plane crashed. Doug, who was at the controls, did not survive. Christian was burned over 30% of his body and suffered a broken back, and Stephanie was burned over 80% of her body.
Hey Roger. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me. ‘Spy Kids – All The Time In The World In 4D’ is currently out on DVD!
If there were days like this sadness would not know my name, doubt wouldn’t linger,hope wouldn’t ask if it should be forgotten and love o that tender sweet feeling wouldn’t ask trust if they were still friends.
As to your other questions, I’m afraid I’ll have to be quick: a) Formica, b) Lewisham, c) cheese pizzas, d) a big Hungarian, e) squirrels, and f) never in goggles except once on my honeymoon.
The author of the song was a protestant minister and wanted to high light acts of charity rather than, say, Eucharistic Adoration, so he changed the story around.
Before being put up for sale, all products are minutely selected to give you the best quality possible. All these first choice items are in mint condition and carefully checked for defaults by our quality controllers before they are stored.
While this book doesn’t emphasize whole grains or seasonal fruits and vegetables, it does get kids excited about cooking. The mouthwatering photographs and Jack’s personal stories pull readers into this cookbook again and again.
12. Take Me Back, Baby
Direction: 3/5
but it sure helps make those quick run throughs once a month more doable.
Your prayers would be so appreciated in this journey against increased liver enzymes, choking, and chronic pain. Some days I feel like being a patient is my full time job when all I dream of is going back to school and wrapping things up.
It's the time of the year again... children in Singapore are busy with preparations for their mid-year examinations. So we decided to stay at home as I need to supervise & help my boys with their practice papers & revision.
Our accommodations aren’t exactly bungalows but when Nellu and I are given a double bed with clean sheets and a big ensuite bathroom, there’s no complaining from us.
Make your own flower hair clips in 7 easy steps!
Short periods of boredom are to be expected, but extended boredom is a good definition of depression. When the mind is deprived it turns in on itself and literally punishes an individual for starving it of activity. People do a lot of foolish things to escape boredom and that applies to entire nations as well.
Mothers of my Nana's generation lead quite different lives. In their day if the child ate 3 meals a day, had clothes on their back, shoes on their feet and a roof over their heads that was the best. That was enough.
The world was awake,
Today-they are at the Texas State Capital. Yes we will be on the steps soon. If you want to be able to have dogs/cats/birds, rescue or not...READ what the Pres of Humane Society of the US says"In fact, I don't want to see another dog or cat born" HU?????????Over my flippin dead body.
Lime Tart has a gorgeous selection of stamps and lots of other yummy goodies and don't forget their awesome kits, my favourite kits so pop on over and have a peek.
-You must use a project created or posted on your blog after this date ( March 29th 2012 ). No old projects please!
“No, no!” said the Queen. “Sentence first — verdict afterward.”
”Green Pomegranates” poem
Method: In a bowl, whisk together all the ingredients from maida to salt. Add a few extra drops of water if the batter is very thick. Add the chicken pieces and mix to coat well. Let it marinate, covered, in the fridge for 3-4 hours. Heat oil on high heat, in a deep vessel. Reduce the heat to medium-high and add the chicken pieces, a few pieces at a time. Fry for 3-4 mins turning the pieces occasionally. If you fry it further, the colour of the coating will change from red to brown, if you used food colour. Drain on paper towels and serve hot with a few lime wedges & onions rings.
Juice of 3-4 limes
We got to see lots of people this past week. It was a wonderful way to celebrate not going back to school, and Gillen's 12th birthday.
Today I have a new Magnolia card for you ladies. This one is with the stamp 'Sweet Tilda'. The papers I used are from DCWV 'Linen Closet'. Still love it because of the colors and patterns.
When our colleagues want to criticize our approach to medicine in the wild, wild west, they call us "cowboys". So be it. And guess what? You too can take to the road with your skills and wits only and be paid what you are worth. You can be kinda like this guy above... instead of a gun you will carry a telephone. The telephone will be a deadly weapon against your consultants. You can not, however, use it to beat your waste-of-time-and-money patients (or you will be arrested).
When I spend an hour driving somewhere, I am inclined to stay as long as I am welcome. We didn't leave until nearly nine-thirty this evening. It is now eleven in the evening and the baby just fell asleep for the night. I am currently uploading the video footage of the house for my husband and simultaneously naming still photos I took of the house. I decided I am too tired to finish naming all 115 photos so it will have to wait for morning.
The Hungarians call this Omlos Teasutemeny (oom-loosh TAY-ahsh-soo-teh-men-ee) which I still can't pronounce even with the phonetic spelling! The Czechs have a version called Cukrovi that includes nuts in the jam filling. True Scottish shortbread is made with only butter, flour, and sugar ... no eggs. But none of that matters 'cause this jam-filled treat is addictively declicious!
I went home to New Zealand to spend Christmas with family. These pictures are taken at my boyfriends family farm in Whitecliffs, Canterbury NZ.
Buses to VivoCity/HarbourFront
Run/walk 3 miles 3 times this week – 10
The confusion and concern ended with the opening of heavy black velvet curtain parted revealing two inhuman creatures. A face as pale death but cheeks flushed blood red, lips ten times that of a man drawn into a sinister smile and with eyes that belong on horses the two creatures tumbled clumsily into the ring. Their appearances s strange and intent unclear, they brought forth squeals from the lips of those whom many forgot were there. They advanced quickly for the sides of the ring where the onlookers sheltered, building tension and bring a very uneasy feeling . They all cowered; sitting and waiting the moment of impact, like the shot of a starting gun the anticipation grew..
- Rosie
Mr. Harvey Kurtzman "suggested that comic books should be improved and made educational". Kurtzman was one of the very few true geniuses of the industry, creating some of the cultural high points of the medium as MAD COMICS and TWO-FISTED TALES. What's interesting is the fact that at the time of this symposium (March 19, 1948), Kurtzman was mainly freelancing at Timely, producing his Hey Look! filler and trying to find his artistic footing in the industry. How he came to be associated with this symposium is unknown to me.
Then, Marcus falls ill, he's been in the lower recesses of the castle, helping the sick and poor. Arianna needs a healer, but healers answer to the Elders. She'll need Tardon's help if she's going to save her brother. But, at what cost? Her love for Tardon grows, but when it's Arianna who is stricken, it's all Tardon can do to keep himself from her. But, there love will only denied for so long. Will their love cost both of them their lives?
This hasn’t happened yet, but I’m greenlighting it because I have a very definite picture book I’d like to write now. I know I joined 12×12 for picture book writers this year, but my participation has fallen far short. My goals for the year are now to finish the next round of edits on Farnuckle so it can go back to query-mode and to complete the first draft for the concept that’s been floating around in my head for a couple of months now.
The post I wrote in 2010...
When yelling didn't work, I called Alex on his cell. I said, "Come get me. I can't get out of the bedroom" and he said, "My God, you're a disaster." We eventually shimmied the door open; the secret is to push on the upper right side as you pull on the handle. Of course, you need the wing span of a pterodactyl to do this alone, so I'm just going to go with "let's never close that damn door again."
Then, well...she really, REALLY lost me when she supported this war. And, when she could have apologized, SHE DIDN'T. I became gravely disappointed in her, and put myself in the "not a Hillary fan" group. I've remained there for the duration of this election, so far...I thought that I liked Edwards best, and then I moved to Obama. Fearing her high negatives, I really, really didn't want her to get the nomination.
and on and on it goes, getting bigger and more out of control.
I also showed you how you can propagate by just cutting off succulent heads, scabbing them over and putting them directly in soil. Well, I cut too many heads and didn’t have enough planters, so some of the heads I left sitting on the perlite. Well, wouldn’t you know it, they also started to push out roots. These should be placed in soil pronto as the leaves are getting really thin, indicating that it’s using all it’s juice to make those roots and needs water soon.
you can either decide
“I was born in the wrong century.” Nobody argued with that, once I stepped onto the set. A spectacular mansion, decorated like the Royal Pavilion at Brighton.
Will I ever survive the weeks
The Lord Chancellor, Jack Straw, is well aware of the pressing need to rein in the growing problem of libel tourism and the use of libel law to suppress fair, public comment and scrutiny.
Ft. Langley
Ohio’s Marijuana Megafarms: Have Mexican Cartels Moved In?
(You get the idea.)
Perhaps Americans need to be more self-reliant, in the Amish sense.
The paranoia of whether or not I was going to be killed certainly made the convention more interesting. The killing made the convention more fun!! Also walking among the thousands of people there giggling to myself because I was participating in the convention on a whole other level that some of them probably didn't even know was there was exciting!!
The holiday has changed in many ways over the years. In 1971 Congress changed the date to the last Monday in May to ensure a three day weekend. As such, Memorial Day is now celebrated as much for the unofficial beginning of summer as it is for a day of remembrance.
Sorry ma'am, if you hadn't had sex you wouldn't have gotten pregnant, it's not the HMO's fault for not supporting your promiscuity while not married.
I snickered into my hand, careful to avoid eye contact, pretending to have a coughing fit.
“So if you look at how progress is made and where competitive advantage is created, there’s no doubt that the ability to use software tools effectively is critical to succeeding in today’s global knowledge economy.”
by John Galsworthy
Omaha , Nebraska north to Sioux Falls South Dakota
The unique thing about different authors is their take on how they use language to communicate their stories to their readers. This relates directly to that unique sense of voice and style, but the way in which a writer expresses him or herself is vitally important – the use of language is perhaps the most exclusive aspect of a writer.
BELT: Dorothy Perkins.
That’s why immediately Homo Sapiens can go to 4.0 on Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health and the Science of Survival. But he can’t go anyplace above that without having his self-determinism restored to him. (emphasis in bold supplied). He becomes well, he becomes better able to reason, but I have not seen what I had hoped to see, because unfortunately it can’t exist — an ethical, strong Homo Sapiens. And if it can’t exist, let’s go up here.
be saved
This is the view from our holiday home - looking over some of the Whitsunday Islands, back towards mainland Australia. Can you see the dark patches in the water?? That is just a small part of the coral reefs that are all throughout the area!
So yesterday evening I just googled "making crochet bows" and I came acrossed this lovely little pattern for small crocheted bows here.
And got everything that he had ever wanted;
love makes things simple
Kai hyung says i am scary when i pretend to talk to myself and speak to him informally. (D.O: Isn’t it one of your cute charms?). He says I do it on purpose but we all end up joking about it. Euhahaha (Kai: He sometimes puts his arms around the hyungs’ shoulders and ask in informal speech “Is it tasty?” / Chanyeol : But he also shows his aegyo and goes “ppuing ppuing” too so it’s okay)
Thor smiled before leaning in to kiss me. His lips were warm on mine; they were gentle. Time seemed endless, as if the world had stopped spinning. I sighed into the kiss, giving myself over to the dizzy sensation. Nothing had ever felt this right, and I had a feeling that nothing ever would.
It's 5am in Texas, otherwise I'd be calling Kit right about NOW. Damn this time difference.
and that is my vent for the day...thanks for listening blogger world.
The United Nations Human
“And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.”
On side two the quality slides slightly, but it still rewards repeated listening. Have A Good Time is a better example of Bishop's good-time, laid back slacker vibe. Wings Of A Bird is Baker's big showcase, and she more than lives up to it. A slinky soul, slow-building ballad with a tasty Bishop guitar lead makes it a keeper for sure. Old Man Trouble finds Jo back at the microphone for a stomping soul-blues that reminds of the present-day Dap Kings, funky middle section and sax break included. Out Behind The Barn is saved by the New Orleans-styled horn charts, and the live instrumental Stomp is a hot guitar jam.
Will you be ready when God moves?
Becca(me)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Beat together applesauce, almond paste (might have to break up with fingers), oil, sugar, and agave nectar. Beat in egg and vanilla. Mix well. Mix together flour, baking soda, salt, pepper, and whey powder and add to applesauce mixture. Add oats, fruit, and almonds and mix well.
Thank you to all of whom took an interest in our miracle and have made this story happen. Also a special thank you to my adoptive father who has always helped me in my search and has too welcomed them into his family. It must be hard but he did it and with grace.
Sort of smiled at each other.
2 tablespoons rum
Okay, so here we are today, with the lovely Christine Fonseca! Her novella, DIES IRAE, is a fast, fun read. If you haven't gotten it yet, you should.
08 Break The Spell
But while the process is a risky one it is something that Jung argued is a necessary one if we are to reach our full potential. For him consciousness is comprised of the ‘ego’ that aspect of us that is defined by the world we live in and and a result of experiencing everyday reality, while the unconsciousness is the domain of the ‘self’ – in Moriarty’s world the ego could perhaps be personified by the Fomorian archetype and the self by the Tuatha Dé Dannan.
But yesterday, I was fortunate to have one of those rare parenting paydays that's even more valuable than money in the bank.
At least my friends make regular trips into Malaysia,
8) Players can dribble and take a max of three steps before passing or shooting.
Recovery from back pain takes time. I know this all too well, but my current and seemingly minor symptoms have been hanging around for seven months and progress has been snail-like.
I've often wondered what love would look like, if I ever found it again. Would it make sense? Would the timing be right? How would I recognize it? Am I so jaded from broken hearts and missteps that it would just pass me by? Or would I know it without a doubt?
Here are the details for the BOGO Sale...
In Calgary, Paul Hughes one man is staking his case for a backyard coop on the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms as well as the United Nations Right to Food policies. Paul Hughes wants to enshrine his right to collect eggs from his own chickens without having to start a farm on the outskirts of the city.
1. The only named person who is known to have actually claimed that Islam supports this bizarre idea is a Moroccan sheikh, Zamzami Abdelbari, a fringe figure, and even he apparently said it was a repulsive practice. I've spoken before somewhere on this blog about my reluctance to indulge in the latest "crazy sheikh/crazy fatwa" report, in which the media focuses on a so-called "fatwa" from some self-proclaimed "sheikh" with a following that may include his immediate family, and treat this as some sort of "official" ruling. This guy has nothing to do with Egypt.
But don’t fret if your state isn’t on the list. You few right wingers who eat veggies now and then as condiments for your red meat could be affected too–if your arteries don’t harden and kill you first! There are expectations that Listeria will be visiting other states too! They just haven’t said which states yet. I love playing Food Roulette, don’t you? And with a Use By date of August 10 and a report dated August 12, you or your next of kin are sure to know by now if you are a lucky winner.
Kate also sourced the fabulous Checkered Past carpet tiles in Laural/Lime by FLOR which was layered over the existing carpet. I love to use FLOR tiles in kids' spaces because they are so easy to remove one to clean or have it replaced. FLOR also generously donated the tiles too!
A moment presented that disappears unless acted upon. How many moments do we discard unknowingly, in our lives, while living life?
Could you cope without your sight?
This is a cropped detail of a drawing that I believe has been on here before, long time ago. I recently posted it elsewhere and it was noticed by someone from a stoner-metal band out of Portland OR, who is 99% sure he wants to use it as their next album cover. The whole drawing, not just this little detail. I thought this version would look cool against the black background here.
A few people asked about the image I used on my snippet make yesterday .. .. it is actually from Pink Petticoat and you will find it here.
And so I hope that I can do the same thing as a shepherd here, in this portion of the flock. That, at every Mass,
Keep up the good work lads and lasses.
Director: John Fasano
Chapter IV Protection of Places of Origin
—- The Giants usually don’t start out too well, but it’s not how you start; its how you end. And the Giants bring their absolute “A game” when it really matters. Like last season; at about week 12, no one thought that the G-Men would be in the biggest game of them all, better yet; they didn’t know they’d win it.
Thanks for being such wonderful friends!
(Patricia Hutchence pictured with Peter Fonda) Hutch also used Michael Jackson’s connection to Jane Fonda for her niece, Bridget, to appear in the film as Mary Shelley. I remember MJ telling me about visiting the set of On Golden Pond during filming. Jane expressed concern about not wanting to hurt Bridget’s reputation by her getting involved with these artists.
In the late 19th century the paper came out against political bosses, picking fights with Brooklyn Democratic “Boss” Hugh McLaughlin, and Gravesend “Boss” John McKane. The Eagle unsuccessfully fought the movement to consolidate Brooklyn with New York City, with this warning: “If tied to New York, Brooklyn would be a Tammany suburb, to be kicked, looted and bossed.” (Brooklyn became a borough of greater New York in 1898.)
we don't watch much tv in the bedroom so it's tiny.
"in block , in commas what do you call them things` "parentheses" "yeah commas "
Oh, but you protest and say, “The wisdom of God seems foolish to those who do not know Him.” No, what is foolish is, if you put that same street corner wacko in a sports uniform, under bright lights, muscles, and career high stats—tada— he’s a prophet. He’s an icon, a regular religious super hero.
All right. I know better than to expect my editor or my agent to let me know how wonderful my story is, since it would take them at least 5 minutes to read it (maybe 7 minutes if they sneeze in the middle and don't have a tissue on them). Add another minute to write me an email to say how wonderful it is, 2 minutes if they need to use the thesaurus for additional awe inspired adjectives (sure, I know marvelous and fabulous and the greatest thing ever written, but editors and agents might need a little extra help to come up with them). Fine, 3 minutes, if they need to pick and choose, and there's always a chance that they get so involved in the subtle differences between fabulous and marvelous that they forget who they're sending the email to, and have to look it up.
Here’s why their story is in the paper today. We cannot allow such callousness to continue unremarked, from the irrational, senseless teenagers who attacked two people just trying to go home, from the police officer whose conduct may have been typical but certainly seems cold, from the tweeting nitwits who think beating a man in Norfolk will change the death of Trayvon Martin.
* Cool on pan 10 minutes and remove into rack to cool.
It could be any one, a combination, or all of the above.
John 1:14
They Are Commitment To Their Career As A Care Giver
I took an offering of water into the midst of the hillfort. There is a place there, which has a ring of trees around a central tree which is very unfriendly to humans and very powerful. My betrothed, who’s not sensitive to such things, could sense that there was a boundary. I gave the offering and the hillfort seemed less hostile to me.
One second-last thing that I thought was missing is, how intense Raghav’s love was for Aarti? There was not a single incident, which said if Raghav was equally in love with her? (and not just to lust her).
I took a train to Torun soon after (still got on the wrong train with the wrong ticket - will never learn) but when I finally crossed the railway bridge over the Wisla and saw the river and the panorama I felt like I'd won something, really. It was great to be back.
Here are some shots from the event, and below are some tips for you to keep in mind for the next time you’re invited to exhibit at a home show:
One of the greatest challenges all Schutzhund photographers face is how to reduce glare and reflection on the Schutzhund field, especially when the sun is shining brightly. The problem is on sunny days Schutzhund fields act like one big reflective surface. Landscape photographers (or as I refer to them masters of outdoor light) will tell you that ideally, outdoor photography should be done either early in the morning or late in the day, when the sun’s rays are more horizontal than vertical. Don’t we all wish Schutzhund operated on a photographer friendly schedule, she says reflectively (sorry, couldn’t resist the pun). But since, tracking is usually the only thing going on early in the morning (not the most exciting Schutzhund activity to photograph), and training and trials are usually done by late afternoon, these ideal conditions are not usually available when we are trying to get our best shots.
with much consideration and thought i have decided that for now i am taking a break from scrapping and SYC. I have been at this for 3 years now and i am tired.
AF: The Hunt likely began while watching Adam Lambert’s performance of Tears for Fears’ Mad World on American Idol. The following lyrics made an impression, and stayed with me for days afterwards.
Free Download:
* She is such a happy baby
I wish I could tell you
But funnily enough it wasn’t the game that made all the headlines. As always the back pages were all about a certain Italian international striker. Mario Balotelli was up to his old tricks in a lacklustre display that saw him get sent off for two bad challenges on Bacary Sagna. Yet he should have been dismissed much earlier after a high, studs-up challenge on Alex Song. It was a horrendous challenge that Song was very lucky to escape from unhurt.
Both men are fellow Directors of CGGVeritas Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd, based in the Petronas Tower in KL. This company is a subsidiary of the massive international oil exploration concern CGGVeritas, part of the French engineering giant Schlumberjer.
- People from out-of-city will be able to purchase a wristband after March 9 for $180.
I jump, I fly, I feel immortal
And when I think of Superman, the phrase "Mom, the Flag & Apple Pie" comes to mind.
In 1988 Slick Rick dropped his legendary debut album The Great Adventures of Slick Rick. Universally acclaimed, the platinum LP immediately catapulted Richard Walters into the pantheon of esteemed emcees who established the foundation of hip hop's future. One of the most unique, dynamic, and refreshing voices to grace the hip hop landscape, Slick Rick is without question one of rap's founding fathers.
All these decades he was kept at the Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore. His jail term ended in December last year, said sources. The family has repeatedly taken up the matter with the BSF. The organisation says it has held meetings with the Pakistani Rangers to facilitate Singh’s deportation.
The book was easy to read – the writing flowed and never got boring – at less than 200 pages, it didn’t have chance to. However, there were times when I felt that the author was second guessing what people were thinking. In one part, a young man is abusive to him, but his insults are never related to colour. Griffin presumes that this would not have happened if he were white, but the truth is that he and we cannot know whether this is correct or not. Other than this though, it is an interesting book which held my attention.
Anna behaved like an angel for most of the day. That is, until 30 seconds prior to meeting Santa. Core melt-down time began, and mommy stress was through the roof. I can’t say as I blame my child. I mean, we were there for two hours before we got to see Santa. She had played on every toy, begged for every piece of candy in the store, ran around and had her fun. Since she takes after me when she gets hungry, my sweet child turns into Sybil on speed.
And the one thing I cannot wrap my mind around
Read the Stack of Running Books on my Night Stand - So much good info and inspiration, and I need to carve out the time to actually read them.
While noting the literary effort is "not quite A Moveable Feast", Hammer nonetheless notes: "Corbett’s sharp observations lend the tale a dash of élan".
It has been since August that I have posted... much has happened and much continues to happen. With that is just a list of the gifts God has given me in the past few months. A daughter who is beginning to put two words together- I hear, "Mommy up," a lot! A daughter who has begun to wear pretty bows and even pigtails in her hair! She isn't a baby anymore.
Where will this all end ?
The idea was that we would probably look after him for a night or 2 before his owner would turn up to claim him. He wasn’t a street dog, you can tell immediately the difference between a domestic dog and a street dog.
"There was a shift of the word 'fact' to refer to empirical observations," Poovey said.
Every time I asked Ed if he wanted to go to the VA, the Rural Metro Jerk would loudly override my question. He wouldn’t let Ed answer. Two SOBs from Rural Metro stole Dr. Edward C. Bloser’s right to freely decide his own future, and Ed was too sick to fight them off. So what we have here in the public lobby, on one side, are two people who are old, sick and poor; one has a doctorate and the other has an I.Q. of 140. On the other side are two people who are middle-aged, healthy, have earned incomes and are morons, but they’re wearing uniforms.
Wonder Boy has a bad case of Pokemon-itis.
And one by one, intent upon
That your child’s love and faith endure
I swear I might hijack a plane!
This creates a major difficulty because you can’t understand America or any of its aspects without bringing a frank discussion of race into the picture. For example, in the case of education, how do you deal with the problem of a failing public school system without looking at the real problem, the inherently lower IQs of a significant part of the population? To understand an entity like America without addressing the issue of race is simply unthinkable, but to bring race into it also unleashes the kind of emotions that makes a sensible debate practically impossible. Catch 22!
Son of Linda and Paul
Happiness, reacting and emotional triggers
One of the things I love about the military community is how close knit it is. Even if you’ve never met, you’re still a brother/sister to one who is also wearing the uniform. It’s the same with Milspouses. I’ve been blessed to become friends with some incredible women, most of whom I’ve never met. Even though I’ve never met most of them in real life, I know details about them that goes beyond a casual acquaintance. I read their blogs, tweet with them on Twitter and are friends with some of them on Facebook. I talk about them to The Man as if I know them. I do know them. We share laughter and tears. We celebrate and mourn together. When one of them hurts, we all hurt.
The PPK has posted eight pages of wish-lists and I-mades from this book, and the verdict comes to a total of 78 raves about recipes, far, far outweighing anything less positive. This includes Isa's post that the four she tried were wonderful. One guy's only post on the entire board ever was to rave about four of the recipes and say he was eating one right at the moment. Want to hear more? The top five spaces are occupied by
“It’s funny.”
Does anyone else have this problem? I can still see the benefit in buying quality items. I love my black blazer from Banana Republic and anticipate wearing it for years to come. It was quite expensive when I bought it, especially compared to thrift prices, but I wear it frequently, it's high quality, and it makes me feel put together.
Oxygenation - Increases blood oxygen levels dramatically. When the lungs are massaged and relaxed, they absorb more oxygen through the alveoli. The higher blood volume flowing through the lungs absorbs more oxygen and is absorbed into the bloodstream.
The great or the mighty, medium, short or small,
My daughter, Helen Dekker, was supposed to take the Gifted and Talented Test on January 8. Only, she didn't take the test because her mother, apparently, never completed her registration. On the one hand that I screwed this up baffles me; on the other, of course I screwed it up. Appointments and registrations and dates and deadlines never work out well for me. (Unless they're writing deadlines; those I Never screw up. Writing deadlines keep me going.)
Best length: 5'0", 5'5", 6'0"
Praise for Witnesses to Permanent Revolution:
There are a couple of other issues addressed at this page, but those above listed in 1 through 4 are those that keep getting new life through the work of paid anti-nuclear activists, often funded by 'environmental' non-profit organizations. Further ridiculous hyperbole about the supposed ability of materials at the site to cover the earth in event of specified or yet unspecified further imaginary disaster is sheer rubbish - if events such as the rougly 10 megaton Ivy Mike shot and the 15 megaton Castle Bravo shot set off during the years of atmospheric nuclear weapons tests didn't spread "nuclear death" all over the planet (and neither did the numerous other multi-megaton shots we set off - and the Soviet Union set off) then nothing that can occur at Fukushima Daiichi can do that either. It hasn't and it won't.
"Up the still, glistening beaches,
Ms Sand and Sunshine has decided to sew some of her quilt centre together today. It's going to look fabulous I think. I had to laugh when she said that she has something complicated planned for her borders. Whaat? Does she not think the star is complicated? Or the paper pieced Radiant Glow blocks she has made for her setting squares?
On Friday, I breakfasted and started to head out for a visit to the Citadel and Roman Theater. I made it outside just in time to experience the first rain of the season. And promptly headed back inside. I love rain. But I don't love clambering about on ruins in the rain.
Having performed beyond expectations in my investigation of that creepy kid who claimed to see dead people, I have impressed Dr. Crowe enough to get another assignment. This one is more in my area of expertise, an anthropological study of clan rivalries in a community of largely Asian immigrants; or, as Dr. Crowe indelicately puts it, big trouble in Little China.
03 No Ice (Mfoc, Golden Pudel Klub, Hamburg 4.11.2001)
Update: Mr. Levkoff has just informed me that he won gold in historical fiction category of the eLit Awards. For anyone who wishes to see the results, here is the link: eLit Awards 2011 (PDF)
I had a few people ask me what my goal is.
In contrast, the recovery rate for stolen police guns is only 15 percent. In 2008, there were 2,944 police guns reported stolen, and most of them remain in criminal hands. Similarly, of the guns owned by municipal governments, 8 percent (1,260) have been lost or stolen.
“The bar? Sell it! Hasn’t James been talking to you about converting part of it into a hookah place anyway? Let him have the whole building. Start a new one on Mars! You can call it ‘The Mars Bar’ or some other lame pun like you love so much.”
The following recipe was something I found on Pinterest so I can’t take credit for it, but it was so good so I thought I’d share on here as well (pics below are mine, not from Pinterest).
Now, my lovely wife speaks and understands Spanish flawlessly so there was no issue concerning the language barrier here (as, frustratingly, is the case with me as read previously on Sin Polaris). There was something in what the Pardo’s representative was saying that was causing a mix-up.
Instantly, Mr. Blevens' eyes watered up, and before he could catch it, a tear ran down his face. "We really..." he struggled, and his voice got all gravelly, and I felt my own tears come. "We appreciate this. And you."
2.) It will be a tremendously important event.
Yesterday we flew out of Chengdu into Guangzhou, our last stop before heading home. We are happy to be in a nicer hotel, and we are looking forward to seeing the other families. Here Rae will be checked out by a doctor, get her TB test, and finish her travel paperwork. We are all tired and ready to get back to America.
5.) God will never give you more than you can handle. I have always known this to be true but I keep reminding myself that while I am still slightly overwhelmed, I am also so incredibly grateful for these amazing blessings. So many women out there who desire to have babies and can't. For whatever reason God has blessed us with our two girls & now these new babies and I don't ever, ever want to take that for granted.
Tortilla Chips:
Anyway, the article in Oprah caught my attention, and one part really resonated. It talked about working through fear - and that our brains can not simultaneously experience fear and appreciation. Making a list, or talking through what gives you comfort, support, and hope allows you to move past the fear. Throughout this journey, Andrew, J and I have been presented so much love and support and while it's been appreciated (a ton), it's not been officially recognized. We spent some of the afternoon on Thursday taking a walk and talking about our gratitude and what we've gained in this hard journey since Andrew entered the world.
I just thought the most of people there speak English~ and young people never speak French!! LOL
Cantor: Obama caused the recession in 2007
lost in thought
"I once loaned Maila a copy of Carl Jung’s Man and His Symbols. In particular, I wanted her to read the chapter on the “anima,” Jung’s term for female archetypes – witches, goddesses, vampires, saints, etc. – that are actually fantasy projections of the inner male psyche, i.e., of the male’s unacknowledged feminine aspects. (When a woman does it, the projection is known as an “animus.”) After returning the book Maila declared, “I am an anima.” - C. Jerry Kutner (BLAD 1/11/08)
Mimi quickly ran out of the parlour room and down the hallway towards the armament display. She grabbed the Sword of Punarbrula from its display case and turned to face her jelly like husband as he rolled glisteningly across the floor after her.
He added: “There are clearly areas of the country where it can be accommodated and they really need to be properly researched so it can be done with less impact on what is a thriving community.”
08 Not Mobile
And this little beauty, in a reminder as I look out the kitchen window every morning and afternoon, that I am growing, learning, thankful and loving this journey..
*I want things like this not to be acceptable or shrugged off. In a nutshell it might not seem like a big deal but in the bigger picture it simply leads to more sloppiness.It lends itself to the many things that are wrong with the world (think about not picking up the wrapper you just walked by because YOU didn't drop it there). Bad examples are set, a lack of caring is put forth and I think it goes hand in hand with morals and all that jazz. Where does it go before others think it is a BIG deal. Why not begin with an internal measure of how you want to be perceived or how you want the world to work? Sure, there are exceptions (lots of exceptions) and things don't always work out the way you want them to but to show a lack in caring or an obliviousness that the behavior is not normal is sad and startling. I liken this to the "good job" debate and children expecting gold stars at every turn, to employees expecting the highest rating on their reviews for simply doing their job and for internet sales people expecting 5 stars for sending you their product as they should. It's about treating people with kindness because you are kind. My thoughts are coming out very clear here and I understand that many of you will think me most snooty but these are the things I think about as I observe the discontent of the world around me.
Now if you excuse me, I need to set up the table for a private tea party between Little Miss, Barbie and I.
I think every blogger enjoys comments, and I'm no exception. But for me, blogging has become a way for me to write for an audience, even if I never hear from my audience. My struggle is not the lack of comments, it's the lack good ideas.
I spend time at work doing scrapbooking things
I used 2 buckets for a 400sq. ft. living room.)
That being said, over the last couple of weeks we've begun to work on the canter. Impulsively. A little voice in my head (self doubt) suggested it could be problematical. I've spent plenty of time cantering on other horses, even bareback on the beach. Casually, not correctly. I've only worked on the depart seriously on one of my former trainer's school horses. All I had to do was think canter and he knew what was up. I had to ask correctly mind you, but I only had to be responsible for my own flailing limbs.
1 pinch cumin seeds
Legends being what they are, a number of different - and sometimes contradictory - descriptions of the cluricaun are available, and so I felt rather at liberty to pick and choose. I gave my cluricaun the red cap that some sources describe as distinguishing him from the leprechaun, and ignored any portrayal that gave him a green jacket, silver-buckled shoes, or any item of clothing that might make a Tourist Board official sit up and take notice. Some accounts have him as surly, others jolly; this I put down to individual differences, and decided that my cluricaun would be something of a cheerful comedy drunk. He was small, of course (everyone seemed to agree that a cluricaun is one of the Little People) and a red nose was a fairly commonly described feature - to which I added cheerfully red cheeks over a greyish complexion.
well, another 3 weeks have gone by and I've forgotten all about that little goal I made at the beginning of 2011.
In addition to my holiday items, I've also included some Primark purchases I made just today. On Friday I plan to go to Liverpool with my boyfriend. We planned this a while ago, to have one big shopping trip at Liverpool One in order to buy everything we need for the festival holiday. However this hasn't really worked out for me as I've pretty much bought everything I'm going to need (minus the actual camping equipment, oops) but we are staying over in a hotel and plan to go out for the night so I'm really looking forward to it! This is why I went to Primark today to be honest, to buy a new outfit for my shopping trip (don't judge me), I couldn't help it as I really wanted something new to wear! Anyway, the first thing I saw was this gorgeous tan satchel bag (satchels seem to be very popular at the moment). Can you believe it was only £3.00, reduced from £7.00!
Here's what I am/we are watching these days:
So we’re going back in time, to yesterday’s dinner, so I can share with you the wonderful food of Taqueria Tsunami.
thousand
She looked at him in surprise. “I didn’t know you could draw!”
Crystal Malt
the demon inside.
you are sweet like an African mango.
Before he went to Camelot, Griffin told me it would be a boring play. I was surprised. "Boring," I queried? "Yes" he said, "It's a play about a parking lot for camels." Well, didn't I walk into that one!
Knowledge is power. The simplicity of the statement conceals its implications. Basically, the more you know, the bigger your advantage; the less you know, the bigger your disadvantage. For that reason restriction and suppression of information is a very basic social control technique. Very basic and very easy given that control of the media has been consolidated into such few hands. Failing to consider the aims and effects of the overall media output, as well as its detail, is dangerously naïve. Even a cursory glance at facts reveals mainstream media’s worrying links, policies and agendas. Whatever you see on television, hear on the radio, or read in the newspapers has been, at the very least, allowed. More often than not though, it has been meticulously designed using principles of behavioural psychology and linguistics toward very specific aims. Put another way, if your channels of information are confined to those listed above, then your awareness, your reality, is being manipulated and compromised.
Every Wednesday, I plan to post a look back at a place I’ve traveled, including some favorite photographs and memories. Today’s post is from my graduation trip to Greece in summer 2008.
Are we meant to take more than we give, or are we meant to be kind
“Oh c’mon, GB!” she pleaded. “Just one lil’ ol’ hickey on the side a mah neck. Momma’s waiting to get it on the camcorder.”
Moon River Brewing Company Black River Imperial Stout
‘At the century-old Beehive Inn situated in Gawthorpe the following incident took place one day in 1963. Reggie Sedgewick and one Amos Clapham, a local coal merchant and current president of the Maypole Committee were enjoying some well-earned liquid refreshment whilst stood at the bar lost in their own thoughts. When in bursts one Lewis Hartley in a somewhat exuberant mood. On seeing the other two he said to Reggie, ” Ba gum lad tha’ looks buggered !” slapping Reggie heartily on the back. Whether because of the force of the blow or because of the words that accompanied it, Reggie was just a little put out.‘’ Ah’m as fit as thee’’ he told Lewis, ‘’an’ if tha’ dun’t believe me gerra a bagga coil on thi back an ‘ah’ll get one on mine an ‘ah’ll race thee to t’ top o’ t’ wood !’’ ( Coil, let me explain is Yorkshire speak for coal ). While Lewis digested the implications of this challenge a Mr. Fred Hirst, Secretary of the Gawthorpe Maypole Committee ( and not a man to let a good idea go to waste) raised a cautioning hand. ” ‘Owd on a minute,’’ said Fred and there was something in his voice that made them all listen. ‘Aven’t we been looking fer some’at to do on Easter Monday? If we’re gonna ‘ave a race let’s ‘ave it then. Let’s ‘ave a coil race from Barracks t’ Maypole.’’( The Barracks being the more common name given by the locals to The Royal Oak Public House )
The man in the mirror, however, is just as alive and powerful as he ever was, and I understand now that I shall always have to live with him. But it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.
and I had 1/2 a batch of cream puff dough left....... since I hate to waste things
All this should be borne in mind when reading the following description of the procedure. Look at the drawings but remember that they cannot convey the inner dynamic of movement.
I also find myself thinking that writing here is kind of pointless. What is there to say that the people that I know read don't already know? Also there's that element of exposure. I've always kept my deepest thoughts, fears and secrets to myself. Not even my best friend in the whole world knows my deep, dark secrets. Fear of rejection? Fear of not being accepted? A deep seeded fear caused by those close to me leaking my secrets to a high school friend's mom causing years of torment and torture. Or fear caused by a drunken mother's inability to keep things to herself and then torturing you in a drunken rage by throwing it all back in your teenage face. It's all embedded deep down in there and I don't know how to let it all go.
I also had a chance to add our party packages back to the shop. These are customer favorites for sure! They feature all of Pretty Smitten's favorite party items, all in one listing. It's the perfect party for 12. You get 12 invitations, 12 note cards, 12 cupcake toppers, 12 favor tags, 12 napkin rings and 1 cake topper. Need more then 12? Or want to add additional party items like a pennant banner, tented signs or party circles? Everything can be customized, just contact me for a listing that contains everything you need for the perfect Pretty Smitten party.
burden and weigh me down.
Blah, sorry I skipped out on Monday, I was running around like a crazy person doing a ton of errands! I had to get paint for our room, got some cute clothes for the baby, grocery shopping, and a dentist appointment! I was one busy momma-to-be! I even debated on not posting today because Mr. Skinny is home and my brother came home early for the "snow" which is just rain now. But we played Monopoly, but now my brother is sleeping and Mr. Skinny is painting. So I'm blogging while cooking!
Repeat rows 1-8 two more times, repeat rows 1-4 once more, bind off. Weave in ends
What do you think of The Voice? I’d love to hear any opinions from people, so feel free to comment below.
12 Forsaken Gardens
And all the ambiguities
And now, the latest twist of irony only Anwar can conjure is perhaps the most bizarre: parading independent Australian MP, Senator Nick Xenophon from Southern Australia as an observer at his sodomy trial.
A group of product design students recently took a trip to the February ‘Southern Manufacturing’ show in Farnborough. Daniel Cano has kindly supplied an account of the outing.
It is a part time position, with plenty of oppurtunity to pick up extra hours if I want them. That is one of the main things I was looking for. After years of working full time and raising my kids and caring for disabled relatives I want more time to pursue my own interests. Now I will have it and still be able to contribute financially. Musicman won't have to work as much as he is now, which means more time for us. That makes me very happy.
So we first wound our way to the esteemed council man's office. When taking a quick peek inside the workspace itself a proud banner fighting for gay rights displayed itself above the hard-working head of a summer intern made me satisfied that this politician was worthy of the honor of a key to the city site right outside his front door. Unlocking the plexi glass display case, tucked behind the American flag, lay an entire little village of objects and notes, eagerly waving hello to Tom and I as we dug right in. The words of the people are below:
Wow, I can't believe it's almost April! Where did March go? This year is moving way to fast, yikes!! Today, I have a quick card that I made using the Kate's ABC's cartridge. My card base is 4 1/4 x 5 1/2 and base layer at 4 x 5 1/4. I cut another mat 3 1/4 x 4 1/4 which I distressed using Tim Holtz-Victorian velvet distressed ink and pop dotted this cute vase with flowers cut from Kate's ABC's cartridge. I cut it at 4 1/4 plus the layers, again distressing the pieces. I added a cute little Peachy Keen face from the Dolly Dumplins set.
I recommend combining a trip to the Patan Museum - which rightfully has a reputation as one of South Asia's finest museums - with a visit to the House of Wo. Also on the same block of Patan Durbar Square, the Sundhara Hiti (sometimes called the Royal Bath) made famous by a scene in Bertolucci's Little Buddha - has just recently been reopened.
This glamorous set is composed by a necklace and a bracelet. Two long strings of stone and metal beads that sensually wrap the neck and the wrist; the necklace string’s ends softly fall from the left shoulder to the breast and the back.
What kind of peace is this? From the days of Madrid and Oslo to this day, have we achieved anything? We have achieved nothing but illusions.
for a bag I wore the originally black clutch, that after the paint job from last fall looks better everyday. I've used it as a computer case ever since to get that perfect distressed finish.
The last few days have been cool in the morning with highs only getting up into the 80's. It has been so nice after such a hot summer. It has also gotten me in the mood to get out my Fall decorations. I was going through pictures I had taken of my Fall decor in previous years and I have to say most of the photos are not that good. Blogging has really improved my photo taking abilities, even though I still have lots of room for improvement. Anyway, I wanted to share a couple of the photos with you. As soon as I get my decorations up I will post them but until then here is just a little inspiration.
I wanted to be out cycling around the lake early, running errands, mailing letters. I am mentally and physically fatigued from the previous stressful work-week. Right now, in this moment, I don’t feel like doing any thing.
What small things make you happy?? Share them here!! :)
I’ve been thinking a lot lately about how easily life slips away, one moment we exist upon this earth the next we are nothing more than a fragmented soul. Life isn’t appreciated by most people, I suppose it relates to the fact that they don’t understand the meaning of life. In my opinion life has whatever meaning we give it, just like each of us have names so does our world.
Most people I have met in my life have been schooled, and my answer to this question is definitely Yes. And all this means to me is that attending school is certainly not a guarantee that one will turn out socially gifted.
Full-lunged across the Landes-
Best Weight Loss Tips – Not Enough Exercise
Oh and Happy Valentines too you all. My flowers/card and chocolates seem to have got lost again...that's about three years in a row now.
There's a lidded teal tea mug, so it doesn't go cold on me. In front of that are the three swap items I received (see the post mentioned above for a closer look - they're beautiful!). Little vessels to use for hat pin photography, a silver-plated tray with feet...
So now I will tell the world how to make fresh, delicious homemade biscuits from scratch in no time.
Another aspect that registered with me was her depiction of the naïveté leading up to WWI. As part of one’s manhood it was very much expected that you would go off and fight whether you wanted to or not. There was also a measure of arrogance in the belief that Britain was invincible, and so, like Nicholas, many went “to get it over” by Christmas. Like Nicholas, however, they soon discovered that trench warfare was a very different war from anything they had experienced. The gruesomeness of it almost defies description, but I think the author has captured enough of it to give the reader the idea without emphasizing the macabre.
Knights of the Green Shield stamp and shout.
Women love men who do everything at the appropriate time. G. Guilbert
I know those are mostly non-fiction or self-help books but I’ve been looking at them so think I’ll buy them next week. Ripper, of course, doesn’t come out until early July.
I am getting the *itch* to rearrange the furniture again...dunno why, it just seems like a good idea.
This is where our PeruRail train deposited us last night and where we spent the night. As we walked to our hostel last night, I thought it odd that we all had to cross a line of railroad tracks that were, literally, right outside the hostel’s front door, which brings me to my latest bit o’advice…
T - Toshiba Satellite L755. It's what my new laptop is called.
Maybe that influenced my feelings towards the matter. One of my fascinations in life.
And that’s when Mishy decides to jump over the barrier to get into the living room, only she misjudges and hits it and it falls with a resounding thud which lifts me inches off the couch, then she runs up and across the back of the couch which makes me flinch and dive for the floor.
Celebrities are getting up for this now. It’s a chance at rejuvenating and recessitating a feldgling careeer. It’s a ‘role’ that is campaigned for shamelessly behind the scenes. It is a HUGE paycheque depending on the success of the Star. And those two factors are driving the Celebs to compete.
Payment is simple. Ok, so it may not be as simple as buying from iTunes and having your music put directly in your music library, but it is much more user-friendly. You can use your PayPal account or debit/credit card. It’s just 3 clicks and a password confirmation away.
We are all soccer all the time around here lately. Between Brent and the boys, we are dealing with soccer 5 nights of the week. Jack's first game was last weekend and I wasn't sure if I should laugh or cry from the sidelines. 5 year old soccer is pretty entertaining to watch, but also kind of pathetic. Jack did just fine, but some of the kids are picking their noses or sitting down or wandering off the field in search of snacks.
Among the religions that were represented by the programme were Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Hinduism, Taoism and Sikhism.
“Great idea! I know a short cut to the palace. Follow me,” the Cat purred.
Why am I talking as I am writing?
-Butter
This little trouble maker started WALKING (at nine months!) in November. I wasn't ready for it at all! Even in the midst of midterms and finals I was able to crank out some fun DIY projects for around the house, can't wait to tackle a few more!
They seem to get bored of that and go “Anyway, here’s what I REALLY wanted to show you!” The last half an hour of this film is a blast, all restraint goes out of the window and the premise they spent at length setting up is delivered in as over the top way as possible. And that is why I recommend going to see this film. The third act is highly rewarding and well worth the price of admission. I don’t want to spoil it and to be honest I guessed (it isn’t difficult) what was coming about a 3rd of the way in but when it comes you really get a buzz out of it. However… I do have my gripes.
An acrimonious divorce was now underway, and I was worried that my sensible friend would self-destruct and wind up in prison.
The Granite consortium, as they had been known, were said to be close to a deal with Lufthansa last year to purchase BMI Regional for between £20m and £25m, with plans to expand services offered to UK business passengers. But the deal faltered due to problems with……
In our review, we find that the Examiner has made extensive specific fact finding, as detailed supra, with respect to each of the argued claims. Appellants' argument, as detailed supra, repeatedly restates elements of the claim language and simply argues that the elements are missing from the reference. However, Appellants do not present any arguments to explain why the Examiner's explicit fact finding is in error. Arguments not presented in the Appeal Brief "will be refused consideration by the Board, unless good cause is shown" ' (i.e., are waived). In contrast, the Examiner findings address each claim limitation raised on appeal by Appellants and also these findings reference specific teachings in Lee as showing these claim limitations.
1. When and how did you become a Pampered Chef Consultant? I became a Pampered Chef Consultant in December 2011. I had spent some time in prayer seeking a way to remain a stay at home Mom.
as a pail of water would.
"What do you do with that, then?" they asked.
A Bubble Tea pack to include everything you need to make and enjoy your own bubble tea. (tea mix, colored tapioca pearls, fat straws and a drinking cup)
12. Blue And Gold
Posted by F.R Newbrough on April 30, 2012 at 12:30am
After announcing they planned to buy a dog as a reward for their daughters being such good sports about the grueling campaign, animal rights and animal welfare groups started campaigns of their own — for the Obamas to adopt a shelter dog and not buy a dog from a breeder. More
A: When the whole world’s calling you a mindless robot, you kind of get the urge to start talking! Even though "Sophia" in the book is much more impressive than Sophia in real life. I think I’m sullying my impeccable image one post at a time, but so be it.
Depp’s Shakespeare-like vernacular actually provides a ton of laughs, without confusing the audience, like so many of Shakespeare’s writings. Moretz has been growing before our eyes, her performance, as Carolyn was so snide and snarky, I loved it, I just wish we had more of her. I’m so convinced she’s going to be a major star one day.
And in truth, on a showery day in October there wasn't a great deal on show. Put perhaps like fishing, when you don't have to make a catch to have a great day, we thoroughly enjoyed our discovery. There were dragonflies of course, darters and the odd hawker - and we could hear many birds, the trees were gnarled and covered in lichen, some huge fungi, plenty of grasses and ferns. There were wildflowers too and though these aren't my strong point there would be much to see in summer, a highlight is evidently Marsh Cinquefoil.
Paul in 1 Thessalonians 4 provides the broad outline: When Jesus returns, “those who have fallen asleep” will come with him, and those still alive will meet him in the air. The “dead in Christ” will be raised before the living believers are caught up, and together the whole “family of God” will meet Jesus in the air. Paul concludes, “So we will be with the Lord forever.”
Incidentally, apocryphal Jewish texts explain that the Fallen Angels were the Lucifer and his legions, who were cast out of Heaven, and took wives from the female descendants of Cain. They produced a race, according to the Bible, known as the Anakim. (See also: Numbers 13, Deuteronomy 9:2, Joshua 15, and Judges 1:20)
Just remember, When you play the game of thrones, either you win or you die. There is no middle ground.
That is especially true if you’re not skilled or experienced, although unskilled and inexperienced writers sometimes let ego get in the way of learning the lessons an editor can teach. I’ve been on both sides of that issue at different stages of my career. All things considered, no matter how good a writer you think you are, you need an editor. A good editor will make your writing better.
Command D: Duplicate message. Invest a couple minutes in finding out how your mail program does this and then USE IT. And NEVER forward a query email. Never.
Curious about IPv6 deployments and gaps that still exist with experiencing the Next Generation Internet? http://csc0.ly/6016rTBE
When the bus left me somewhere near the center of Catania, my first sight were the old, almost destroyed buildings, polluted air and dirty streets; it was difficult not to make the comparison with Latin America. Of course few minutes after walking around I was already overwhelmed by the countless beautiful spots of the city. It was clear to me that Catania had thousand ways to surprise you. It wasn't only the breathtaking monuments, but the way these merged with the people and the atmosphere of the city which is full of life. Later in the afternoon having some beers with a friend in a beautiful small square at Cona, we were observing the traffic on the streets. Cars and scooters moving constantly as living organism, never stopping, just filling the empty spaces, mixed with pedestrians, parked cars and an endless list of other obstacles that can be found on the street. Suddenly I made the very cliche comment: 'Oh man they really drive like crazy here' and he made the discussion again interesting with this very clever answer: 'You have to feel the rhythm of the traffic, otherwise you just go on foot'.
she responded "i want to be clara."
So the hops still exist, all I need to do now is find some...
The Firm Foam pads offer better ink coverage and, in turn, better stamped images. In addition, please note the following about the new catalog:
This really is a unique and innovative swaddle blanket. At first I wasn't sure if I had received this blanket too late. Baby Harold has been preferring his arms out of the swaddle when I was wrapping him in his other blankets. But, I decided to give The Miracle Blanket a shot.
3) zig-zag rolled hems are WAY easier than straight-sewn ones.
One way or another it was an expensive taxi ride for him.
Forest City Ratner Companies and its Brooklyn Events Center subsidiary would have a tiny fraction of the jobs. Some 1000 part-timers would be hired by AEG, in charge of arena operations, and 900 hired by Levy Restaurants, in charge of food service.
If I am to rid myself of anything that may contaminate body or spirit, then there is no room in my life for jealousy, bitterness, resentment, selfishness, or anger. The Bible says I am ALWAYS called to practice gentleness, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, and self-control. Someone else's sin -- even sin of my spouse against me -- NEVER gives me the right to respond with sin. I am called to only ONE motivation: reverence for God.
For many, this would be the life. Not for these 2. Something was missing, and they knew it because their insatiable thirst was not quite quenched. Yes, it was time they created apps of their own. No client involved and more importantly no financial constraints. A big risk that they were willing to take only because of that insatiable thirst. Ideas just kept flowing in, but a few heart breaking google searches later, they realized that there already was an app made for it. Suddenly it struck them, that there were a million apps out there, but why not make something that is just plain better, easier to use and simply simple.
You can clearly see this is a terrible edit, but you can also see the harsh shadows caused by the mid day sun in this picture.
Too many breaks and dusty miles for far too little pay
All you have to do to get there is survive. Your inner reasons for surviving don't have to be pure. Revenge is a perfectly good reason. In fact it's a great reason. So is hatred. And anger. My reason, back then, was that I wanted to live long enough to see my parents get old and die, which is certainly less than noble or pure.
Any word that has a silent letter in it and is pronounced drives me crazy as well. Almonds are Ahmonds and calm, for goodness sake, is cahm. What about height? Why do people say heighth? It’s as if they got a running start with length and width and just kept on going!
MY OPINION: The story is bordering on silly. I couldn’t give you a single good reason Amber Heard’s character was in the film at all, except as a happy ending for the baby. I know I sure feel safer now I know NC is entrusting her to the care of an unemployed stranger who has shown a propensity to murder and get involved with strange men. And I’m not sure if all the characters are just driving around the same small town and pretending not to see each other until the next scene comes in, or whether the plot relies a little too heavily on serendipity.
Flip by Martyn Bedford. Some brilliant insights in this books about a boy who wakes up in another boy's body - I esepcially enjoyed the moment when he first takes a pee using someone else's equipment. It would have been easy to play it for laughs, but Martyn Bedford turns it into a moving story which examines the very basics of who we are.
Missing out on the Main Courses, however, is not so much of a hardship at Perbacco, a lesson I learnt early on when I was turned off by a supposed celeriac puree that tasted, instead, like potato and a shameful celery salad, made from the root, where juliennes of the vegetable were soft instead of crispy, withered, brown around the edges and tasteless. Not even the accompanying Beef Short Rib Stracatto, despite being flavoursome and tender, could save the dish from its shortcomings at the time.
I got to take yesterday off work because I've been working so many extra hours and because next week I'll be working a ton more! It was a nice day to be out searching for treasures!! Kevin was off too, but he decided to stay home. Which was fine by me-I like to be able to take as much time as I like or as little time as I like. Sometimes he gets tired of waiting, or sometimes I get tired of waiting on him!
“And Everyday I walk Beside Him… Never catching his eyes… No… He would not allow… I merely watch his Foot Slide, and his Cane Tap… “Tap…” “Tap…” “Tap…”
Jersey dress - Basque by Myer
5. Mama Be Good—the last of my autism mama blog nominations (and the last of my VBA nominations, for now). Brenda unschools her autistic son—a rare choice for children on the spectrum—and practices attachment parenting (a parenting approach we fell into with Jonah, because it Worked). Like Jess at A Diary of a Mom, Brenda learns as much from her son as she teaches. She allows her son to lead, and in doing so, respects who he is and what he needs.
You could be good at this my master said
Another score I made was this light for $15.
- Spring 1965 takes LSD for first time
Writer: “Oh, yeah, sorry. ‘God’ is ‘good.’ In this draft, ‘god’ is ‘good.’ See, to save time carving out the extra O’s I just shortened it for this draft. I did it throughout the tablet. Yeah yeah I’ll go back and put all the O’s back in later. It ain’t like anyone’s going to read this as it is…”
I mentioned last week that my family was in town, and I had the best time catching up with them after work for dinners and wine. One of the first nights they were here Stephen and I met them out on the beach for wine and cheese at sunset. This time of year, you are allowed to drive on the beach if you have a pass, which makes it really easy to head out for a little impromptu date instead of trudging through the sand out there.
Hell, no! I'm a grown-up. It's up to me to weigh what's been offered and make my own choices. I reserve the right to enjoy and/or employ cyberspace to whatever extent works best for me, along with the right to use real paper. Why? Because at this moment I can reach across my desk and pick up a book that was published in 1884, and it still works. Nobody had to take any particular pains to preserve it, and I don't need anything but daylight to be able to use it. Am I glad there's a copy of it in cyberspace? Yes, of course I am, that's how I discovered it and decided I wanted the real thing. And, yippee!, I was able to order the real thing for $25 and about five minutes of my time online, thanks to technology. Yep, technology is great. But am I gonna digitize everything in triplicate, pay to store it in cyberspace until I die or run out of money, and replace it triennially in case it's deteriorating?
In a DB2 10 environment you have a new choice here: PGSTEAL(NONE). When that option is specified for a buffer pool, here's what happens:
Is It Possible To See It All – John Phillips is Canadian. Do I need to say more? Seriously, he’s another blogger who appreciates music and has introduced me to some great Canadian bands. Lately, he’s been traveling through parts of the west, most recently, Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, and documenting the important sights like the Wolf Lodge Inn. I should also mention that John is very compulsive about sticking to his writing schedule, I’d even call him a stickler. You won’t catch him dozing off at the wheel!
Ok so I had a thought today (4/27) and figured I would write a few haikus about a man who has lost hope of LOVE, Life and everything else…
I hate him now. But back then the love always came back for him. Stockholm Syndrome? Everything makes so much sense now. I should have hated him. Despised him. Tried to get as far from him as possible. But I did not. I loved him. Until I found out why I loved him. Stockholm syndrome.
Story time: the evil Doctor Who...no, not Tom Baker; this is a white-haired, leering evil guy (Hideyo Amamoto) in a black suit left over from Blofeld's last garage sale. He is hot to mine a radioactive element called - oddly enough - Element X. For what? It's not important; it's for evil world-taking-over purposes. In order to mine it from the frozen lands of the North Pole (presumably without Santa's permission), he constructs a gigantic mechanical King Kong to do so...because he can, is the best answer. However, Klang Kong (as I call him) is unable to dig very well (cheap Japanese crap) and Doc W's little helper Madame X (Mie Hama) kidnaps the real Kong from Mondo Island (not Kong Island, don't be silly...). So, a real ape to replace a mechanical one who didn't even work in freezing temps in irradiated conditions. Good job, X.
Challenges that I can enter this project into:
An expansive and elegant private Balinese villa awaits you – with separate sleeping, bathing and living pavilions and beautiful views from your plunge pool. An Indonesian spa. Dramatic hilltop and oceanside dining. All immersed in the mystique of this spiritual land. Experience the diversity of Bali by pairing your visit with a stay at Four Seasons Resort Bali at Sayan, an intimate upcountry retreat.
I'd like to think I'm not the only one. Surely, people who have lived through that loss, were having a moment of silent reflection?
PTSD renders us all useless at some point.
Some rejected the message, some wanted to hear more, and a small group was saved.
Desire is anti-knowledge and possibly anti-welfare too.
Sometimes I have to justify art education to people, as a tool for getting into college, or something . . . but really, what's wrong with art, anyway? What if we all drew things and danced and sang? Would that be so bad? And why can't these rigid thinkers see that artists don't see what they do as genres or labels? It's just making stuff, or being who you are, or exploring. I so wish people could see art the way young children see it. It makes me want to think of a new name for this thing we do. Let's call it creative thinking, or fun, or learning, or Fred. That'll fool them!
The embossing folder is a fleur de lis and love the pattern. Some stunning metallic block paper was use as the back ground, ribbon and pearls and there I had 2 quick cards made. Mmm see what creative blitz does lol
KC Hop Head and OregonAmy were nice enough to let me host July's Brew Day, and despite some ungodly humidity, I think a good time was had by all. I know I learned a lot, just by watching them do their brews. I chickened out, because I still had yet to figure out how to properly carbonate my Questionable Cream Ale in the keg, and am not loving the results I get from extract brewing. KC Hop Head managed to get my beer all set, so it was tested, and deemed drinkable if not delicious. :) The brews brought by Amy and her husband quite awesome, and I am freshly motivated to move on from "kit" beer. It doesn't look quite as scary and difficult, when everyone else can knock it out while hanging out on my back deck. So thanks for the fantastic company and examples to follow. I'm personally interested in the oatmeal raisin stout that was smelling so nice while boiling! Friends showed up all day and evening, and I thank you all.
Each year we begin with the same materials:
During my artistic life I had several passions, and this hobby turned now into a new one. It´s out of my control, I like to change from now and then and try new forms of art, so for now I embraced Jewelery Design.
For more info on the author please click on the links below:
This was a challenge unlike any I have faced as a food blogger.
Today I have the lovely Jullee from The Grubery sharing a yummy looking recipe. She has some gorgeous recipes on her blog so go and check them out :) Thank you for guest posting today, Jullee!
Another idea: Place them in a bag or basket and randomly pick them out to answer.
Representative Adam Kinzinger
It has been a fair day today but it is getting colder tonight.
The second verse is quoted above -- it's sort of a circa-1972 version of the complaint voiced recently by the "we are the 99 percent" movement.
After we are briefed on man's domineering spirit, we are treated to a pair of montages which convey his destructive tendencies in ways both eruptive and corrosive. The first sequence is comprised of archival footage of warfare, a barrage of explosions in the sky and on the ground. This is followed by a tour of the doomed Pruitt-Igoe projects in St. Louis, a barren expanse of concrete and detritus which was laid to waste in a series of controlled demolitions. The ideological failure represented by the ruination of Pruitt-Igoe embodies numerous themes of the film: the societal decay reflected in urban sprawl; the human misery wrought by poverty and overpopulation; the myopic folly of our faith in technology. The footage of the projects' day of reckoning initiates the second montage in this cycle, during which we are treated to the demise of a variety of structures, including high rise buildings and support bridges. This battery of implosions and explosions achieves a level of bombast which borders on the absurd, undercutting the gravity of the situation even as it hammers the viewer into submission.
Sometimes life is hard yakka and in a marriage there is always someone else to consider.
That may be about to change...
While exploring the living things which made their home on a rotting alder log, I came upon something new to me. It was patch of what I initially though to be miniscule mushrooms with black glossy caps.
A couple of minutes later waitress returned with the affirmative nod to go ahead and cook.It met their meticulous standard.
I read this Herman cartoon, laughed all over the place, but then my hands began to tremble. And my feet. And my arms and legs. Pretty soon all of me was trembling; I was having a nightmare, during the day, while I was fully awake—
Share on OVI
On the back of the P.C. Richard store, I saw the notices in the photo at left. "No! You can't urinate here!" one message said sternly. The others, in English, Spanish, and French, were more polite: "Please don't urinate here.!"
I climbed the ladder and held a 5-gallon bucket under the swarm, praying the weight of them landing (about 7 lbs) in the bucket wouldn’t tip my ladder. My neighbor-helper meanwhile used his pole-saw to reach up and cut the branch just past the swarm. It couldn’t have been more perfect! The swarm landed with a thud in my bucket, and I quickly snapped a lid on top and climbed down from the ladder. Once I got them into the garage, I replaced the sealed lid with a ventilated screen I found. Here they are, patiently waiting on S to get home:
OG: 1.054
“Then what is it? Tell me.”
Today is the beginning of the most wonderful, most exhilarating, most challenging thing you will ever do, as long as you live. I can clearly remember the night you phoned me to say there was a tiny little heartbeat in your belly. We were both giddy with excitement.
Thanks, Tessa, for the tasty inspiration!
When all Israel heard the verdict the king had given, they held the king in awe, because they saw that he had wisdom from God to administer justice. (NIV)
We’re also in the home stretch of finishing up the nursery. And while I would love to post some pictures of it, I haven’t exactly taken any. So, I decided to at least share a little idea of one of the things that will be in the nursery- family photos. Or rather, young photos of the soon to be grandparents and well, Ashley and me. I haven’t gotten all of the photos in yet, but here’s what I have so far:
“Yes, but now comes the astonishing part, Betty! He didn’t look around for another woman but he immediately found a substitute on the sofa”.
If you just trekked across the desert for a month and struggled for lack of water and lack of food but you made it... people would also expect you to take time to rest and recover. It is expected you would need some rest.
The much-anticipated list of properties controlled by NAMA which have been subjected to enforcement action, has just now been published and is available here .
The event is presented by the Irish-Romanian Cultural Association “New Grange”, in collaboration with the Local Council Sapanta, and with Sapanta Orthodox Parish of Maramures County Council support.
...like the inner critic people talk, write, and do expensive self-help workshops about...even as my own inner critic’s telling me that Yoga for Cynics is delving into that airy-fairy realm of new age pop psychology where, in annoyingly cutesy-putesy ways, everything gets personified, and.......the inner blogger says shut up and write...
Technology perfected in the desert will now be coming to a inner city neighborhood near you. Who ever thought that these weapons would be used against the American people once the Military Industrial Complex ran out of foreign bogeymen to drop their bombs on?
The Unauthorized Practice of Medicine
this next one you got to enter by Sunday night..
Which is why I have been absent without leave for so long. Deadlines come first.
Henry Charles Bukowski (1920 – 1994) was a German-American poet, novelist and short story writer. His writing was influenced by the social, cultural and economic ambience of his home city of Los Angeles. It is marked by an emphasis on the ordinary lives of poor Americans, the act of writing, alcohol, relationships with women and the drudgery of work. Bukowski wrote thousands of poems, hundreds of short stories and six novels, eventually having over 60 books in print. In 1986 Time called Bukowski a ‘laureate of American lowlife.’
Game on!
So remember to be in the running for the voucher you must link here by midnight May 31st.
they are my parents.
(1) A levy of 5% of the monies received from all admission charges to the match shall be paid to the Scottish FA within three days of the date on which the match is played.
Trim off one end of the cake at a diagonal and place it on top of the cake to create a ‘stump.’ You can cut off another smaller piece to attach to the side too if you wish.
In any other sport these men would have the Lakers, Cowboys, Yankees, and other top teams bidding wildly for their services. When Mo Greene retired you would have thought that sprinters with the talent of Wallace Spearmon, Xavier Carter, Darvis Patton, Mike Rodgers, and Ivory Williams would be lined up doing what Mo Greene did in 1996 - asking Smith to teach him how to be a champion. I mean, wouldn't YOU take a chance on the coach of champions such as Steve Lewis (Olympic gold and silver), Quincy Watts (Olympic gold), and Mo Greene (Olympic gold and bronze, along with four World gold)? Yet, since Greene's retirement the top male sprinters have chosen to go elsewhere to learn their craft - only in track and field. Yet if there's any question that Smith still has "it" look no further than Carmelita Jeter who took advantage of that "opening" and this season became #2 all time in the women's 100!
I don't want to get my hopes up too much to have the dashed if it doesn't last. BUT, I am enjoying and rejoicing in every moment He gives me of days without horrible pain. I feel like the crushing of satan has been lifted and my soul can breathe again. I know that may sound weird. But, feeling like you are suffocating, can barely move, can hardly think, etc and then feeling mostly pain free, clear thinking, and being able to take deep breaths when you couldn't before, it feels like a grip has been let loosed.
Illuminati Communist, Illuminati Fascist, Illuminati Bankster?
For the chocolate cream:
Is private midwifery practice a realistic career option?
Did you imagine something different when you only saw the text? Can you see why writers don’t divide the text into individual pages? It would be too restrictive as there are so many layout possibilities. In this case there are three separate images, but there could easily have been just one. And guess what? When I wrote this I had a clear image in my head of snowflakes swirling in the shape of bears. The illustrator, Gaby Hansen, interpreted the story differently, and that’s absolutely fine. She even has the bear sticking out his tongue to catch snowflakes, and I think that’s delightful and I hadn’t visualised that.
So for now we have a version scheduled for the 19th of January and are trusting that God has things under control.
A lost colony is reborn in this heart-pounding fantasy adventure set in the near future . . .
We’d love your participation and your help advertising the chat which will run for one hour starting at noon on Friday using the hashtag #equalpaychat.
Make a tea from peppermint leaves to soothe nausea and vomiting. Peppermint is also soothing to the spirit and helps migraine sufferers relax. Chew a fresh peppermint leaf for relief from pain and nausea.
Q. Twitter names of members?
the priest who baptized me;
I love that little smirk. :)
And that’s what happened, the depressed broads with the sh*tty partners felt twice the pain. So, it matters who you pick as a partner. Again, no surprise there.
These were a hit with the entire family and will now be a staple in our home. Pair then with a glass of milk and you will have found nirvana. I am confident you will LOVE them as much as we do.
Mark and Helen Mullins are thought to have killed themselves at their rundown home after being reduced to despair as they struggled to live off just £57.50 a week. The couple had suffered a series of health and benefit setbacks and had had their 12-year-old daughter taken into care.
Many people are bothered by the sight of water sloshing off dirty road surfaces into sewers and contaminating our water supply. While we can’t exactly eliminate roadways, there are ways to replace impermeable surfaces on your property with permeable ones. Permeable surfaces help soak up water before it enters storm sewers. The water filters through the ground and is cleaned naturally by the earth before being dumped into Lake Ontario.
Today we will look at the WINTER. She has been described as "Shimmering ice with warm friendly fires. Elegance, poise and drama, independence, quietness with a touch of shyness."
I'm also handy to the kitchen for refreshment to keep me going and have a terrific view. OK, here's the view. You can see why I enjoy working here. These photos were taken on a very grey and gloomy day but even so it's an outlook I love. There's something serene about the water and especially the green of foliage that's soothing.
My mother said I should stop watching CSI and Charmed because they are the reasons why I dream about monsters. Dreams full of darkness and jam-packed with hairy legs, sharp teeth, drooling green saliva filled me with restless sleep.
He forgave everyone else on this planet of their sins against me. Really.
I took a quick gander in my collection and found two polishes that coluld have been close Zoya Zanna and OPI Lucky Lucky Lavender. I could tell from the bottle that Zanna, while a similar shade is a fair bit darker, so I didn't even bother swatching. Lucky looked close, but as you can see it is a brighter shade and lacks any dusty tones.
Skype is social.
Sometimes that's a good thing, but there is the odd person - by that I mean a parent - who's behavior is less that ideal. My own childhood was good - very good compared to some folks' and that's down to my folks doing the best they could. Yet I know of now-grown-up kids whose behaviour mimics the negative cycle of their own parents. Don't take this as a smug-as-sh** post, I think it's more a pondering over why they're doing what they're doing and how much sway do you have over your genetic programming/fate?
Even within groups of the same race the line is "Wealth" ... "Upsacle... is the preferred word! then. I challenged her aas i would you to learn her rights and what can be done...
A rally in downtown Damascus earlier this month. (Khaled Al Hariri / Courtesy Reuters)
All through the service, Mattias chatted to us about the food he was serving, and his huge passion was continually evident. He’s also a fantastic character, and it was a pleasure to spend time in his kitchen. He also put up with what turned out to be a very talkative group of foodies and didn’t seem to mind our incessant chatter about all things food related!
Dry roast grated coconut till golden brown ,cool it.Grind it to a smooth paste and keep it aside.chop onion and tomato.crush ginger and garlic.heat oil in a pan ,add onion ,sliced coconut and slit green chillies.saute till light golden brown color .Add crushed ginger -garlic fry for 2 min .Add all powdered masalas saute for 1 to 2 min in low flame.Now add tomato pieces fry till tomatoes become soft and mushy.Add chicken pieces and salt to this and saute for 3 minutes.To this add grind coconut paste and 1/2 cup water.Mix well cover and cook till the chicken is done.
A fellow pilot posited this to me the other day: If you were a soldier, at war, and were orderd to do something perilous which could very possibly result in your death, but was seen by your commanders as absolutely necessary, would you do it? I answered, "Yes".
a drop or two of water
she inhaled the sweet air of freedom, and
“No,” I answered Brian, “You’re right. It’s not that easy. But if you’ll have me, I’m willing to work my ass off to make it up to you. I’m pretty good as a member of this team, you know it. If you want to monitor my every move, fine. Any restrictions you want to put on me, fine. I’ll even give up my pay from Coil and any jobs we do.”
Next week on Thursday, I am flying out to Little Rock, Arkansas for the SDE’s Kindergarten Conference there. I am hoping to see a few of you there! If you are a blog reader and will be there, please come up and introduce yourself! I would love to meet you!
By the time we killed Arthas, we suddenly found ourselves #2 on the realm for 10-man progression, and we honestly hadn’t been trying for placement.
It’s two years after the events of The Bourne Identity, and ex-CIA assassin Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) is still suffering from a broken mind. His memories are fractured, and is awakened in the middle of the night more frequently than not. Jason & Marie (Franka Potente) are now living in Goa, India, but meanwhile, Jason Bourne is about to be framed for two murders in Berlin, Germany. A CIA team, headed by Pamela Landy (Joan Allen), is attempting to purchase classified Russian documents, but a Russian assassin named Kirill (Karl Urban) killed both men and stole the documents. A planted fingerprint implicates Jason Bourne for all this. Then, Kirill shows up in Goa, India to kill Bourne himself in order to erase any evidence to the contrary in framing Bourne. Kirill believes he has completed his mission, but unknowingly, Bourne still lives. However, Bourne believes that it is the CIA who sent a man to kill him, and this sends Jason on a dead set mission to find and take out those who he told to leave him alone. The trail of planted evidence leads Pamela Landy to Operation: Treadstone, the elite team of assassins lead by the late Alex Conklin (Chris Cooper) of which Jason Bourne was the top operative. Landy brings Ward Abbott (Brian Cox), Conklin’s boss, into the mix as she attempts to unravel the mystery of Jason Bourne, and why he has come out of hiding. Now, Jason Bourne is coming down hard and fast on the CIA while the Agency is attempting to hunt down Bourne.
Generous? Everything.
And that's all it took the sound of a familiar voice. A safe voice. The voice of mom. -- The flood gates opened and all I could hear was the sound of loud sobs coming from the receiver.
other awesome toppings you might like to have:
The interview had left me feeling like this mother hadn't really quite figured out what went wrong and how she could've prevented what happened. What happened was really horrible. I read the book, hoping it would delve into that aspect a bit more, but it didn't really. It ended with the mom regretting missing out on raising her 2 older daughters, and simultaneously proud of them for finally graduating from highschool and moving onward to fulfilling careers and motherhood.
reveals the fairy tale dead,
The ingredients are super simple and the whole thing only takes about 20 minutes to make. Have fun !
Green Chilli : 1-2 Chopped
Garlicky nut coated spaghetti and cumin treated salmon.
Money! It makes the world go round, well, that and gravity. Probably more of the gravity than the money…
How about THEM apples? Can we say, ‘Big in Japan’? Yes, we can, these things are bigger than what I’m sporting naturally. And they are home-grown here in the area. We bought them just to take them home, take photos of them, and then eat them, of course!
On the side of things with my mum. It ended up yesterday with her saying OK to the fact that I can’t really speak on the phone right now as I am too overwhelmed with everything. Then she emailed me today to wish me a nice weekend at my sister’s. I just replied asking how she is and what’s new with her. It’s been a year and nine months since I spoke with her so I am guessing that something will be new! I could go on and on about my crazy year and nine months. She won’t be expecting the email, I don’t think, so we’ll see what she says in reply. I wasn’t to ‘chatty’ in the email with her but I just mentioned that I have 2 American roommates and they’ve already gone for the weekend away so I have the room to myself until I leave tomorrow to go to my sister’s. I also mentioned about me and my sleeping today and the fact that I am still tired!
The question then is, do we let them keep that power, and let them continue destroying our economy and our nation? Or do we wrest that power away, and do what needs to be done to save our country?
I loved de Botton's musings on Airline Security. The training of security personnel is so arduous - they are trained to look at every human being as though he or she might want to blow up an aircraft! They have been trained to overcome all prejudices as to what an enemy might look like: the enemy could be a six-year old with a cute smocked frock and with a juice box in her hand or an eighty-year old grandma with a bunch of Christmas stockings for her grandkids. The levels of alertness that security guards need to maintain is so grueling that they were granted more frequent tea-breaks than any of the other airport employees.
Oh, the charge of attempted burglary was recently added. Maybe that $50 dollar bill was fake after all. No wonder they got so upset when he checked it.
Appearance (3)Pale golden. Nice thick head.
With my one free hand,
Now, to get the meaning of how this pie chart of rights works, we must understand how something goes from green to red to blue.
Last year, during our latest excursion to San Francisco’s Bohemian and strip club enclave of North Beach it seemed I was continually encountering the ghost of Treasure Island author Robert Louis Stevenson. Here’s a snippet from a July 28, 2011, blog post at Kerouac Drank Here:
silver trapeze, and a ring juggler manipulates colored hoops and shaggy hippies
Today I am going to review my new favourite eyeliner. I have been wearing this everyday to school the past two weeks! That's how much I like it..ngeee...
sugar blend
I was just reflecting on how in the past, any behavior that was considered not socially acceptable was labeled a mental illness. Of note: Back in the days of United States slavery, drapetomania, characterized by a slave’s desire to escape his/her master (and considered treatable by beating); Soviet Russia had sluggish schizophrenia, characterized by political dissent; Until relatively recently, homosexuality was considered a mental illness. Facts like these give the anti-psychiatry movement ammunition. I mean, it was enough to make me wonder: where do we draw the line between socially unacceptable behavior and mental illness?
Jordan and Rhoda Baruch
Summary: Victor Frankenstein is close to his twin Konrad, yet secretly envies his brother’s talents and good nature. When Konrad falls ill with a mysterious and dangerous sickness, Victor is willing to resort to ancient dark arts that his father has forbidden him to explore. Along with his friends Elizabeth and Henry, Victor’s search for the Elixir of Life will cause him to encounter deadly creatures, gloomy forests and caverns, and personal sacrifice. Despite this, the most frightening things Victor discover may be within himself.
Once you have a name, even if you can’t find a phone number or e-mail, you can probably take an educated stab at one. Use a site like E-mail Format to help you out. And in your e-mail, be sure to explain clearly, concisely, and logically why your request ought to be honored.
I remember the first time I ever witnessed this at the impressionable age of seventeen. I especially remember what popped into my head: "Wow. Looks like he's trying to eat her face. He must not like his frog's legs." (It was my first night in Grenoble and my host family had offered me Cow Brains or Frogs Legs... how very generous of them, non?)
While we may be in prime hockey playoffs season and am living in beautiful Montreal for the summer, I am not talking about the Habs. I am talking about smoked meat. That’s right, delicious smoked meat. And not just any smoked meat, we’re talking Schwartz’s. For those of you who know and love it, you know exactly what I am talking about. For those of you that don’t, I suggest swinging by for a visit next time you’re in Montreal. All you need to know is that they are located on Saint-Laurent street and that there is always a lineup, whether you’re grabbing it to go or if you want to sit and eat. Most common plate is a Medium on rye with fries and a cherry coke. It has seen celebs from movie stars to music icons, to politicians.
So my first item sold for about 70% of what I retail it for. Not great but not bad. I had to wait til that one sold til I could schedule another one. When you are new and until you build your reputation, you can only list one lot at a time. Seems fair, as they don't want scam sellers there but believe me, it is an eternity waiting for your item to come up and to be able to get a slot for the next one! LOL!
Porque morir es natural,
Sunnyhillboy
Salmaan Taseer was never a great politician. Yet, his death has ignited a firestorm of opinion, some of it grotesque yes, but one that is also far and beyond the stature of the political role he had during his life. Only those who take a courageous stand and risk losing it all earn that king-sized legacy. When the emotion wears off, his killers will wonder how killing a man who raised a voice for an innocent woman implicated in a false case, was wajib-ul-qatal. When this intolerance consumes one of them, because it is only too long until there is difference of opinion on something, they will wonder why they unleashed this monster.
This week at The Cuttlebug Spot we're thinking GREEN... With St. Patricks Day approaching the DT has created some pretty fun stuff. I love this little Tilda with Clover and knew I had to use her in some way. I am not overly fond of so much green so the rest of the card is a little on the eeeeek side for me but she sure is a cutie, lol!
Fear does not equal fact. Just because you feel something is true does not make it so.
Y-e-l-l-o-w, Y-e-l-l-o-w
My proposal is this: if we could get even 30-40% of everyone in the western world to not drive their cars or buy gas for one day a week, the economic impact on the cabal would be tremendous, to such a point that Obama would do something absurd as sign a bill that would have anyone refusing to drive put in jail — he already wants to imprison anyone who refuses his healthcare plan. But say we get 50% to not drive or buy gas for two days a week…we would see gas prices go down to $1.20 as an incentive for the masses to consume 7 days a week.
Practical wisdom is not concerned with the universals alone, but must also be acquainted with the particulars: it is bound up with action, and action concerns the particulars.
Robinson mapped everything – the locations of buildings, what those buildings housed, who owned them, how often people visited, what their local history was, even what tectonic and mineral lineage the rocks themselves contained.
Gugu, who refused to reveal her surname but said she was from the “district office”, confronted Sister Thandi in the clinic, which The Times was barred from entering.
of a q
Then there are these dress forms.. I made these just fooling around, I had posted something similar with the feathers on my facebook page and with some encouragement sent these into Angela..
Mario Tremblay finished his coaching career with a wining record in Montreal. In 179 games coached; Tremblay possesses a 71-63-25 record for 167 points. No Scotty Bowman type numbers. No Boom – Boom Geoffrion numbers either …
As you probably know, we are a one-income family with six children.We do not qualify for government assistance to help us with the various therapies and doctors' appointments that Samantha will need, nor do we have insurance to cover these expenses. I have placed a secure Paypal donation button below if you would like to help us ensure that sweet baby Samantha gets the best of care. Thank you so much and may God bless you.
This is one healthy and delicious way of eating the sweet potatoes. You can make it complete with a fried egg (sunny side up) on top for a more balance meal. Or you can serve it with lean protein and a veggie side dish.
When Hudson came into my life there was never any doubt his name would be an homage to the girl who blessed me with Malcolm. Great gifts should be honored thus.
The bouillon cubes mostly came out of a plan to compensate for the lack of meaty flavor when using turkey or chicken in chili. So I tried a couple bouillon cubes, and when combined with beer it was basically like adding a half carton of beer flavored beef broth. Certainly not a bad thing.
Those are virtual locks for completion in the next six months, and are on the front burners, along with the blognovel Fallen Earring. That's going to be appearing on my website proper after nanowrimo. I've decided to do a complete rewrite, from scratch, and am doing it as my nanonovel. As soon as I can apply a decent edit, I'm going to put it up in sections. "It" being the version I'm happier with afterward. I'd like to put that novel to bed and get on with the next one in the series, Vermilion Dawn, which I've decided not to do for Nano this year.
I've decided I just need a fairy godmother to deal with the mess and extra washing for me, then it would be a breeze :) Oh if only.
This year my Lenten journey has been different from any year that I can recall. It’s not just because I’m living in England (although that has something to do with it); it’s that I’ve made a conscious effort to find God in all things – even the shitty stuff.
I plan to blog every Monday about where I am to keep me accountable. So, here we go
If you are in doubt about how bad blogs can be, check out this little gem, which I found by hitting that "Next blog" button. They discuss an "anti-semantic" (sic) chain letter from MySpace. That's right, they are slagging off anti-semantics, when in fact, they are anti-semantic themselves. If only they were pro-semantic, they would know that what they mean to say, of course, is "anti-Semitic." The unintentional irony is killing me.
Some of these works examine the inward aspect of Paradise,
Harry Glen Ludlum by Tom Irwin
I hope you have a very sweet day! Enjoy some chocolate hearts!
To prepare the cake, coat a 10-inch tube pan with cooking spray; dust with 2 tablespoons flour.
Guess what my favourite animal is? ♥
Alex told me later Cats was worth it for those few minutes of "Memory." That's high praise coming from the guy who slept through the entire disappearance of Old Deuteronomy.
Well my first image is a lesson on how not to do things, and sometimes you need to make mistakes to learn from them. I had an absolutely beautiful model, with wonderful make-up and hair, great location, and while Rebecca went away to get a reflector I took a few shots. However with art-nude shots the model rarely looks at the camera, and you don't always need light in the eyes - for these type of shots you do need to consider more how the light falls on the face and not just the body.
The extreme rarity of transitional forms in the fossil record persists as the trade secret of paleontology . . . We fancy ourselves as the only true students of life’s history, yet to preserve our favored account of evolution by natural selection we view our data as so bad that we never see the very process we profess to study. (S. J. Gould, “Evolution’s Erratic Pace,” Natural History, Vol. 86, No. 5, p. 14, May 1977.)
Glory, glory, to His Name!
I cannot tell how soon ’twill be;
First things first: My school team and I passed Capstone (final cumulative assessment to graduate)! It was an incredibly long and arduous process consisting of sleepless nights and stress-filled days. This accomplished feeling has set the mood to tackle all things Industry!
Last week sometime Jack and I went out for our occasional Marshall's/TJ Maxx/Home Goods shopping excursion to see what kind of goodies we could find (at discounted prices of course). I was happy to come home with a new pair of jeans that are super long which is a rare find for me, and a couple decorative items for his soon to be transformed bedroom. But the one thing I didn't come home with, I've been thinking about ever since.
Just wait till you see the rest of this set !!!
The Board therefore affirmed the refusal to register.
“Jazz,”an emotionally intense poem, enacts a scenario where a 21-year-old musician-daughter asks her mother to “listen to that” jazz. But, more importantly, to listen to her say, “I am pregnant and I am not ready.” The mother is non-judgmental and concerned. Desperate, the daughter asks her mother’s help. “And you knew that I would,” the poet writes. They leave the jazz club and walk home, “parts of one song, one knowing/ remembering, one telling, one listening.” The narrative of this poem is interlaced with imagery from modern art (“Blues like Picasso’s blue figures”) and jazz (“high notes on clarinet, shrieks of the horn”) which help weave the strong emotions into a wider aesthetic tapestry.
Vegan Cheese (you can use normal cheese, if you are not a full vegan), enough to cover the tofu
Captivating
I believe the sale of a building of the size of 210,000 sq feet will be seen as a very positive sign for the future of the Irish Commercial property market. I also believe that having such an internationally renowned purchaser demonstrates continuing confidence in Ireland and particularly in our attractiveness to major global businesses.”
Barley Island BarFly (IPA)
Tucher Helles Hefe Weizen; Germany, German Hefeweizen, 5.3%
Reports are coming in from both the official and twinkinfo forums that F2P accounts who have locked their experience gain at levels below 20 are gaining experience. Even if the experience is manually turned off again, they continue to gain experience.
On my arrival back at the Inn Chef was itching to go,informing me that the bags were packed as promised and stored safely in the pick up.
the hedge clippers are ready
Long-term readers of The Realignment Project know that the through-line of my posts about economic and social policy is an argument about a long-term structural shift away from wages and labor costs and toward profits and capital that is leading to persistent weakness in labor demand, especially for jobs that pay a living wage. I believe that it is this shift and the weakness it creates that is the ultimate cause of wage stagnation.
The map above shows the rounds in different colours, other streets are in grey. The green route has two parts. What is funny is that the round on the top comes across as a uneven bundle of small remaindering streets, a mongrel walk connecting streets that somehow would have unbalanced any other of the walks.
Double Mountain's Little G ESB was just want you want: a special beer, done well, that is perfect for cask.
You're strong.
When we first moved we were sure we'd just be able to rent a simple, fully furnished apartment. This was not the case. Having to deal with brokers and meet landlords and be accepted in to the city was so full-on. In the end it was so worth it and the funny things that we went through along the way really changed us and made us be able to cope with anything life throws us today.
There’s two young kids playing “match me”. I’m trying to figure out who the fuck did I screw over to draw shit duty.
What was our reaction?
Cliff has been on a whirlwind tour of television and radio shows across the U.S. the last few weeks to promote his new 'Sacred Fire' EP which features Armstrong. Armed with just his acoustic guitar he has been playing a mix of his iconic origins, new tunes from the EP and his cover of The Clash's 'Guns Of Brixton'. Watch a few performances below.
When they finally did, people were not kettled, as in the student demonstrations, but simply forced further down the High Street as looting continued. M&S, Vodafone, H&M and McDonalds all had their windows smashed. I recieved a torrent of abuse online for expressing support for the riots. The same abuse I expect Martin Luther King recieved for saying “A riot is the language of the unheard”. The same abuse I expect Bob Marley recieved for singing “That’s why we gonna be burning and looting tonight…” Sorry, but my solidarity does not lie with corporations making millions and their fully-insured smashed windows, it lies with human beings who lose their lives and their families. Nor, for that matter, does it lie with the politicians, now so quick to condemn the riots, who sent the British army to burn and loot in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The four leaf clovers grow wild, and the necklace pendants are assembled by hand and made to order; so it takes a little longer to receive them, but it’s totally worth the wait!! And, they’re currently just $25.
Tip: For best pani-puri flavor, make pani with your homemade masala rather than store-bought.
The colour palette of sunflower, flame, grape and blue is complimented by the summer clothes chosen by our stylist Sophie Rowell.
PostSecret is a blog that has captivated the interent for quite some time now. It has become the most visited add free website on the internet. Impressive right!
It was odd that the boss had me interviewing this person.
Happy Easter everyone.
She tried not to think about the long, unpronounceable words that Dr. Ferrara had spoken that day. When she got in, she lit a fire in the big wood-burning stove and tried to busy herself with making a pasta salad, but her bones’ dull burning and the bandages on her left arm from where they drew blood for further tests caused her to weep long and hard over the kitchen sink, onto the crooked pile of unwashed dishes that had collected.
Today was not a good day. I was in a bad mood over the weather. But tonight was our Dana-Farber pasta party. We have raised $3.5 million for cancer research. We were all there together, 500 teammates and 1000 supporters and patient partners, celebrating the work we’ve done for cancer research. That realigned my mood.
"Let's make a toad house!" I said to Lizzie and "YEAH!" was her immediate enthusiastic reply. I rummaged through a pile of old clay pots, found a hammer and we smashed a side off each pot and had instant toad homes.
Let Every Bad Memory Go
This time of year is always really stressful; getting everything ready for the start of the fall semester and the switching around of my schedule--it takes me several weeks to settle into a new rhythm. Plus, after my husband's illness I really needed a good week off.
I do try to understand other points of view and try to help bring people together with love and understanding.
Ceri Radford grew up in Swansea, studied English literature and French at Cambridge and started her career with Reuters. She has since written about books, TV, culture, society, male strippers and many other things besides for publications including The Daily Telegraph, the Times Literary Supplement, and Red Magazine. She currently lives, confusingly, very close to Geneva, but in France.
Which is why it is important to be reminded now and again of the good fortune I have to be living it large in the City of Light. And for exactly that reason, I feel compelled to issue un grand merci to my neighbour and fellow Paris-based scribe David Lebovitz for his excellent new book The Sweet Life In Paris.
Arthur Barrow-Bass, Vocals
So, maybe my question today shouldn’t really be “how did I get here?”, but “why did I get here?”
Everywhere, I see her happy, bright face. Hear her light trot on the floor. She was amazing. And she is very, very missed.
First things first. (Is that even how you write that? I'm not sure I've ever actually seen it in print) I decided to take the plunge and create my own newsletter. My plan is for it to come out monthly. It will feature some of my products. More importantly, I want it to contain some very specific tips I've used in my classroom or seen used by great teachers. I will also include a freebie that's exclusive for subscribers. You can sign up here. It will also always be in my sidebar.
A dash of cayenne pepper
At their peak, Queen was:
Today, one would have to be blind not to see the profound shift taking place within this layer. There are the academic scoundrels like Juan Cole, the University of Michigan Middle Eastern history professor who uses his reputation as a critic of the Bush administration’s war against Iraq to sell the Obama administration’s war on Libya.
Never confuse education with intelligence.
Here's a close up...
Moments later, as I was shaking off my long-standing delusion, Block revealed that she too had mondegreened* the lyrics. "Are the leaves all down?" she asked Patchett, who lives in Nashville. "All the leaves are down," Patchett replied. But no: It's "All the leaves are brown," to go with the gray skies (though the image of bare branches is nice too).
Thanks for all your support during this latest challenge.
1 tbsp dry yeast
Secretary of State, Brian Kemp, fired back a letter hours later telling Jablonski he was free to abandon the case and not participate but that he would do so at his and his clients peril.
Health issues can also come to us in a random manner. It was not my intention to neglect my blog so much. And it was not my intention to neglect a lot of other things… Obstacles that work against creativity can take many different and unexpected forms; this is what I have been finding out for the past five weeks. Sometimes, after a while – if you are lucky – the very same obstacles can function as chances, as possibilities, as new ideas for new projects. It’s a random thing… (And for the time being: I just have to be patient and trust the Dutch health system_)
So, wake up Malaysians! Save your country from economic and social ruin!
That’s all for today
Except at Halloween, of course! Halloween is the one time of the year when whiteys can dress up as offensively as they like without fear of being sent to the dog house.
in the flurry of activity,
So in no particular order:
In the year 5657 (1897), at the summons of the spiritual father of the Jewish State, Theodore Herzl, the First Zionist Congress convened and proclaimed the right of the Jewish people to national rebirth in its own country.
Hope you all have a wonderful holiday with family and friends. :)
That, in a nutshell, is how I have grown to feel about many of the recipes in Baking. Really minimal effort can sometimes yield incredible returns - chief among them the feeling that you can accomplish something amazing in your own little kitchen.
Given that supposedly only 10 percent or less of the people left in town were white, and over forty percent of the dead were white, whites were dying at over four times their proportion. And that doesnt even take into consideration that whites were reportedly concentrated in “safer” places. Thus, I am convinced that blacks were on search-and-destroy missions, hunting down and murdering whites.”
Besides the success inherent through the numbers, it was the turnout of support from the communities themselves which greatly calls for celebration and acknowledgement.
- 1 cup (240 ml) (230 gm) rendered chicken fat, duck fat, or canola oil
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease a 1 1/2 quart baking dish and set aside.
Building work on the blocks started in December last year and is expected to be completed this summer.
The world of self publishing that is taking shape around us as we stand and watch is both exciting and more than a little overwhelming. Writing a novel is hard enough (which I’ll talk about later) and in all honesty is still something I’m working on. But on top of that, if you want to self publish, you need to be a shrewd marketer, promoter and business manager with a thorough knowledge of social media and networking. At least, that’s what everyone is telling me.
Sudan (Jackson Square)
- 1 pound of puff pastry
Let only that the trees
When Pinot became the “it” grape (should I blame Sideways?), people started planting it anywhere and everywhere, even in areas that were so hot they would make your Pinot taste like Syrah. Now, are the wines from those grapes typical of the climate? Sure. But does that mean they are wines of terroir? I don’t think so. The idea of terroir takes into account planting the right variety in the right place in order to highlight the typical characteristics of the grape. Just because you can grow Pinot in a warm spot to pump up the volume doesn’t mean that you’ve all of a sudden created a wine of terroir.
Artist are not charged to display their work and can sell the work if they so wish. A percentage of the sales of displayed artwork goes to benefit The Retreat.
164
“We’re not mad at Sen. Sullivan,” she said. “We just want him to do the right thing and to encourage his fellow lawmakers to do the same.”
Apply ghee/oil and serve hot with pickle and yogurt.
Fiskars- bold flowers 8x8
It's just five of us bloggers total (a perfectly sized group) and our day included a tour of the Waterbury factory, a meeting with Quality Control and Manufacturing, a meeting with Jostein Solheim (CEO of B&J), ScoopU (I am getting to be a pro at the 3oz scoop!), playtime in Research and Development, and a chance encounter with Ben and Jerry themselves. Photos to follow!
"+ Here lie the remains of Rev. James Kavanagh, P.P., who departed this life January 6th, 1876, aged 67 years. In your charity pray for the repose of his soul."
The roll call of 'Tactical Flashlights' can run for page upon page, and everyone gets to chose what features they want... and can afford. Rather than run down all the brands, Lets spend some time looking at features.
5 whole eggs plus 3 egg whites
I'll stop there. After running through this, I feel like a downright renegade with my BlackBerry! The only friend I can think of who has one is Texter. But the point is it would be kind of nice to date someone who shares some basic aspects of my lifestyle, including, perhaps, communicating via smartphone. Texting can be really convenient for coordinating plans or locating each other in a crowded restaurant, you know? So, I guess I'm looking for a polka-dotted texting unicorn. Sigh.
I really AM still around! I can't believe it's been ALL SUMMER since I posted last!
First of all, choose a design that complements the style of your home and enhances its appearance. You can find a full range of DIY conservatories designs, from modern lean to style to the more impressive Edwardian or Victorian designs. You can also enjoy an impressive degree of design freedom, from classic to contemporary, so you can create the conservatory that perfectly suits your needs and tastes.
I used a combination of fontina, parmesan, and fresh goat cheese, but you can just as easily use gruyere in place of fontina and skip the goat cheese or use cream cheese instead. I sauteed onions and tossed in fresh spinach until wilted. If you wish to use frozen spinach instead, be sure to squeeze out as much of the water as possible otherwise you will end up with a runny quiche!
I don't even know where to begin. So much has happened to me the past six months. I almost feel like a different person. I have been traveling the world, meeting new and interesting people, and making a few new life decisions. 2010 is over and done with. It was a good year, but I'm happy it's over. It sure was a lot better that the crappy old year, 2009. 2011 is going to be different. This is the year which we will all look back and remember that it was the year I start career in beer.
“Bev Pettersen brings complex characters and a riveting story to life through engaging dialogue, a well crafted plot, and a budding love story centered around a cracking good murder mystery. Not just for fans of horse racing (think Dick Francis with romance). Highly recommended!” – Judith James, Independent Publisher Awards Gold Medal Winner
Womack & Womack
a moment that never ends
Sugar (individual sachets)
That provides a reality check for Planetary Resources. OSIRIS-REx, planned for launch in 2016, is currently budgeted at a round billion dollars, and is to sample and return to Earth as much asteroid material as it can collect, up to a maximum of 2 kilos. Asteroid 1999 RQ36 is a soft, crumbly carbonaceous lump, about half a kilometre long, so collecting a sample of surface material ought to be feasible. Although the rendezvous is in 2019, the return capsule won’t arrive back on Earth until 2023.
For my 802 class, I dove into researching for my chosen topic: brain and cognition. I was met with difficulty right off the bat. This, I believe, partially because there was a plethora of studies done on the subject and other reasons being that my novice skills on the subject of research itself. Though, the project was challenging in multitude of ways, I surprised was the discovery of rigidness while working through this project. Which became more clear and palpable on the day to present our projects to our group members. I took the traditional route to the research process: consulting librarians, library catalogue, and online resources. What was lacking was creativity. Others walked in with gadgets an
Embellished denim top, $2,300, embroidered calfskin pants, price on request, both, Balmain, collection at Maxfield, L.A. Mesh earrings, Made Her Think, $287. Studded shoulder bag, Michael Kors, $1,395. Turquoise-and-silver cuff, $550, ring, $150, both, Vicki Turbeville. Gold cuff, Aurélie Bidermann, $1,745. Gold crescent ring, Low Luv x Erin Wasson, $65. Calfskin boots, Jimmy Choo, $1,095.
Finding
At the dinner table:
Camel sweater: Gap
Get out as early as you can,
I've decided to own that. I felt like a failure, embarrassed by my lack of birthing decorum, but the more I read other women's birth stories the more peace I find with absolutely freaking out.
An initial assessment of the collection carried out by Alan Bekhuis (a now well known New Zealand photographic artist) prior to Donald’s appointment set in place the beginnings of the preservation programme that he furthered.
This was another busy week and I really liked the way the two pages came together - lots of bright colors and lots of the "everyday" documented". Above is a photo of both pages together with the 6x12 journaling insert (it's a Cathy Zielske template from Designer Digitals). Below is a closer look at that (I'm not sure if you can actually read it, but if you click on the photo you might be able to if you care about the nitty gritty of our week). The highlights of the week were the Superbowl and booking our Disneyland vacation package (which actually happens next week!! YAY!).
And isn’t it amazing that God has a special plan for each of us! If you have a moment, please read Jeremiah 29:11 “ ‘For I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the LORD, ‘plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.’” If you feel led, please write a note of encouragement to someone today. Your note could have a big impact on that person’s life.
Hungry customers must eat the entire burger, a large portion of chips, a pot of coleslaw, washing it all down with the ice cream milkshake, within 45 minutes.
The lack of music in this short is very effective, the confession of the subject is compelling and is enhanced through the emotional listener in the film. During the middle the loving side of the convict is slowly revealed as he recalls his holding his child as a baby.
This article will demonstrate the REAL cost of ObamaCare. And what we will find is that the monster it creates will sneeze chunks bigger than the $940 billion that the CBO score pitches.
Here's a few things I've done on my journey to becoming less of a critic and more of an activist:
- Students solve math problems and narrate their thinking
and seeing troy
Other than that, my scraproom is adorned with projects that I can't share until after CHA...which is just a few short weeks away! But, the Spellbinders Blog Frenzy starts tomorrow and you will get a peak at so many great new products before the show even opens. Oh my. You will be so inspired!
-finely chopped ginger (a good handful)
The Seeds of Death was among the first ten or so novelisations I borrowed from the library when I first got into Doctor Who back in 1990. And then to my delight, it turned out that my parents had bought me the video that Christmas. I was both surprised and delighted when I unwrapped it back in Xmas 1990. Oh memories, aren't they sweet? The BBC Video had not remastered the original recording so the sound and picture got a bit jittery towards the end. In my childhood innocence, I thought this was my fault because I paused the video too many times.
Organic & Sustainably Grown Local Produce, Plants, Bread & More!
With Brown- to side of face, sc in each st around, if you end in the back sl st around to the side for handle, ch17, attach with sl st to opposite side, sl st in next st, turn, ch1, sc in each ch. join with sl st to next sc on beg side. Cut.
That’s why you came home and found me
That starling beak is a wicked looking weapon viewed from close range and I had the uneasy feeling he might decide to poke my eyeball. I couldn't quite get my mind around being the object of this birds affection. Chris's young twin boys were afraid of the dive bombings we were being subjected to as well. This was a wild animal after all!
ESQUIRE
NOT ALL THE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY IS UNDER THE BONNET.
-3/4 cup white wine
But I almost got caught and/or killed by a flying machine before that, I am not sure what the flying machines would do to people, and I did not want to find out; somehow I escaped the flying machine, probably because so many other people were running around for it to capture and/or kill.
Don’t overprice your home. It’s easy to think it will give you more bargaining room, but it could end up wasting your time. If the price of your home is significantly more than others in your neighborhood, buyers will overlook it. Save the time of waiting for a buyer who is willing to bargain, and list your home at a fair price.
On Wednesday, March 30th at 6pm
We both got an EVO 4G. Huge display, runs Android, lots of cool features.
Who is a bully – cross one and you and your family will find out?
One can only imagine what went through the minds of ancient folk when their crudely built calendars successfully determined seasonal or celestial events, such as lunar eclipses, solstices, and so on. I’m quite sure they must have expressed their joy and happiness by dancing, singing, and making quite a racket. Imagine what must have happened the year after that, when the selected few big chiefs in the tribe decided to make some rules? “Now listen here guys and dolls, let’s do the celebrating in an orderly fashion this time. It took us ages to figure out where we placed our sticks and stones, which you people destroyed with all your stomping and happy dancing!”
Update! - Since first beginning to writing this post, I have bought the bottle from eBay. I think I persuaded myself by writing about it! I couldn't resist.
Given this, it is perhaps timely to cast a beady Beer Monkey eye over those Glasgow pubs that I think have been impressively presenting and pulling perfect pints over the past year.
However, German ineptitude gave him away and the British recruited him to feed dud information to Berlin.
○ Noah Calls Stephanie – Deleted
The “peace-maker” is actually a persona I see in others more than in myself. They try so hard to fix things to keep the peace that they actually end up creating more problems in the long run. They cover up others faults to make things better, but in the long run those things have to come out and the lies that hid them create new problems.
If there's no more water in the well, it doesn't matter how long you stand there with the tap wide open waiting for more water--it's all gone!
So dining in appears to be a win win! I don't mean to brag.. but from French Toast to homemade gravy, I can make an awesome tasting breakfast and.. can do it for pennies to boot.
I passed through Stocksfield on the 5th leg of my Walking the River Tyne Westwards Project and did'nt have a lot of time to explore it fully but I intend to visit again maybe on the next leg of my River Tyne walk.
"The Witch of Blackbird Pond" is a really great book! it is about learning to live with change.
The law set up bank regulators to monitor the banks’ lending, especially in low-income areas and to black and Hispanic borrowers. Banks that didn’t make enough such loans found it difficult to open new branches, complete mergers or acquisitions, etc. The law specified that new low-income lending volume should be the goal but of course, with safety and soundness. Right.
Heartfelt Creations will be mailing me products to use to make 2 creations for the final round this week that will be due on April 13th. I can't wait to see what they send me to create with!!!
… and so manners is very important in our house. And she wrote a storybook because there were all sorts of how-to books on manners but there was no storybook, teaching manners through, well, how Christ taught us, through stories. And — and that’s what she did. And that book has hopefully somewhat civilized some children around this country.
~ I pulled out all of our fractions shelf work and laid it out on a blanket last week for youngest dd. I meant to take a picture to post before she cleaned up but she was too quick! She and I had fun playing Hamburger Station and then she found the circle contraption where you slide the dial around and it gives you equivalents for fractions and percentages.... I need to post a better description and link for this, eh?
West Coast IPA - Green Flash Brewing
“Hi,” I said, “nice moves.”
Q. What inspired you to write this book?
Making the right choice to succeed Van Der Sar for the Red Devils this time, will determine whether United can build on their latest success stories or whether they will descend until they find the right man again.
According to Lehane, Parker also revolutionized the genre by incorporating topical issues and humor.
These events foreshadow the climactic event of the boy’s life, the death that marks the end of his childhood. Symbolically, Brautigan is also looking back on what he sees as America's age of innocence. The adults that he talks about – with perhaps the singular example of his mother and her obsessive fear of gas leaks – may have been impoverished but nevertheless they seemed content with simple pleasures:
But because they chose, because they wanted their degree - and the paths that lead away from that degree - the kids that I spent my time with were the kids who were poised to beat that statistic. I spent hours and hours with them in my basement domain, drilling them, foisting books on them, quizzing them, and generally annoying them to bits until they were ready to take the test.
Pictures!
Morin threw five innings allowing just one run on four hits. He walked only one batter and struck out seven, increasing his season total to 22. Brady Fuller came on in relief in the sixth inning. The Grizzlies touched up Fuller for one run in the sixth and two more in the seventh. Fuller finished his night giving up five hits, three runs and striking out two.
black paper or ribbon
Did you know the AFA offers various certification programs to its members, such as Fence Installation School, Certified Installer Programs and Automated Gate Operator Installer Programs? Not only does AFA offer week-long classroom and field-based modules, the Association is committed to training teachers on a regional level so other chapters can provide the same modules to members on a local level. These programs are the highest professional certifications you can receive in the industry, and are a great way to elevate your company and team to a level well above the competition. You can view the different certifications and classes involved on the education portion of the AFA website. Classes and scholarship opportunities are also available to nonmembers.
“I am here to say my sister still has rights, and there is no way you can have this district attorney represent my sister,” said Candace Zamperini, (Kathleen Peterson’s sister). “They are not prepared, they haven’t read the documents…..I will tell you, this district attorney’s office is not the district attorney’s office of Jim Hardin, where I got good representation.”
RIN is six 50-minute episodes and I figured I’d keep watching as long as it kept me hooked.
Our Republic is still young, and the vital principle underlying its organic structure should be maintained firm and strong, hard as the best of steel, so as to insure its growth and development along solid lines of a stable and vigorous democracy.
And, as the aliens made their pitiless, disgusting demands, I could hear distant echoes of the Opium Wars of the 1840s, when Britain declared war on China to ensure the maintenance of its drug-trade with the celestial Empire. How dare the Chinese government attempt to stem the growth of commerce (meaning, in this case, the creation of vast armies of opium addicts in all their major trading ports)!
The Kuru hero then addressed Vasudeva of mighty arms. ”Bhishma said, ‘O holy one, O god of all gods, O thou that art worshipped by all the Devas and Asuras, O thou that didst cover the three worlds with three steps of thine, salutations to thee, O wielder of the conch, the discus, and the mace! Thou art Vasudeva, thou art of golden body, thou art the one Purusha, thou art the creator (of the universe), thou art of vast proportions. Thou art Jiva. Thou art subtle. Thou art the Supreme and eternal Self. Do thou, O lotus-eyed one, rescue me, O foremost of all beings! Do thou, give me permission, O Krishna, to depart from this world, O thou that art Supreme felicity, O foremost of all beings! The sons of Pandu should ever be protected by thee. Thou art, indeed, already their sole refuge. Formerly, I spoke to the foolish Duryodhana of wicked understanding that thither is Dharma where Krishna is, and that there is victory where Dharma is. I further counselled him that relying on Vasudeva as his refuge, he should make peace with the Pandavas. Indeed, I repeatedly told him, ‘This is the fittest time for thee to make peace! The foolish Duryodhana of wicked understanding, however, did not do my bidding. Having caused a great havoc on earth, at last, he himself laid down his life. Thee, O illustrious one, I know to be that ancient and best of Rishis who dwelt for many years in the company of Nara, in the retreat of Badari. The celestial Rishi Narada told me this, as also Vyasa of austere penances. Even they have said unto me that. Thyself and Arjuna are the old Rishis Narayana and Nara born among men. Do thou, O Krishna, grant me leave, I shall cast off my body. Permitted by thee, I shall attain to the highest end!’
Oh, and lets not forget the monsters. As is the case with most tokusatsu series, there are plenty of interesting bad guys for Dogu-Chan to go up a cup size fighting. Ranging from human-fish hybrids who feed on human emotions, a man possessed by a bicycle, ghosts, school girls who transform into animals plus a a pair of demons who are mother and daughter.
I must have drifted off because the next thing I knew was waking up feeling a bit rough and thinking how we know for sure that birds are really singing when they make such a racket. If it was singing, why do they sing the same song all their lives. Don't they ever get fed up with it and have the urge to expand their repertoire?
From Highland Hellcat by Mary Wine
We had a 5 week Easter break after Lent term during which I stayed in London and essentially did nothing but exam preparation. I went back through all of my notes and readings and condensed a year’s worth of material into 39 pages of Psychology notes, 13 pages of Anthropology notes, 13 pages of Accounting practice problems, and 15 pages of Economics practice problems. To be fair I think I may have gotten through the hardest part of exam revision already.
Anyway, here is just part of the press release that a former colleague forwarded to us.
This is what Wendy Thomas-- (as heard on NH public Radio and seen on WMUR Channel 9, Wendy has also been a guest on the Chicken Whisperer’s radio show and has been featured in Parenting NH, Backyard Poultry, Woman’s Day, and Reader’s Digest for her chicken stories and adventures in thrift) wrote to me:
You should be just a little wary too but she will let you know, if
and an infant to care for
Honest and kind experts should link veterinarian room if they feel affection for animals. Veterinarian offices do work daily. They should show regularity and consistency. Veterinarian ought to be a skilled person with practice. It will be useful to do the responsibilities in the office without any consumption of preparation phase. In veterinarian offices, professionals take care about the pets and make serious ethical decisions. Physician’s task and work requires time, management, care and suitable studies. He or she cannot attain gateway from this important work and task.
As well as the construction of the Joe O’Reilly’s Killeen Castle golf club and the Wexford Opera House, the company has notched up an impressive portfolio of residential developments including Clonard Village (Wexford), Clonattin Village (Gorey, Co. Wexford), Avoca Wood (Avoca, Wexford), Village Gate (Ballycanew, Co. Wexford), Glencove (Courtown, Co. Wexford), The Ramblings (Piercestown, Co. Wexford), The Gallops (Naas, Co. Kildare) and Bakers Yard (Portland St. Dublin 1). Its commercial developments have included the ESB headquarters (Garrycastle, Athlone, Co. Westmeath),WexfordRetailPark.
Several observations arise here.
at which moment
5. Where Do You Think You Are Going?
How to Select a Fashionable Watch?
Why did not Paul and Peter simply demand obedience to Christ as one in authority? Because they knew that Christ saves by means of his death on man’s behalf, not simply by his authority. The authority of Christ can be recognized in obedience with no thought of his death as propitiation…Merely to believe in him as God’s Son with no thought of the cross is not enough. Likewise, to repent with no thought of Christ crucified, and to be baptized, except as a response to his death for our sins, are not enough….In all of his obedience the sinner should know that he is responding to the blood of Christ, not merely recognizing the right of Christ to demand obedience” (The Gist of Romans, 9)
1. Why Marxists Do Not Call For Nationalisation, argues that there is a big difference between opposing privatisation, and demanding nationalisation.
So there are some pretty compelling reasons to get engaged.
Accessories: Tiny Mosaic Embossing Folder, Crystal Clear Emboss Powder, Lace, Fleurettes II, Clear Rhinestone Brad and Dimensionals
WRC-TV NBC Washington
I've heard about this so-called "runner's high" after pushing yourself for 30-40 minutes...well this body had PLENTY 'O TIME to kick it in. All I felt was runner's pain! However, if runner's high can also be described as the 3-5 seconds you see stars before hitting the deck, well I could actually see that happening. Snicker Snicker! Wanna real laugh? I was perusing the results of last year's marathon....and there was an 87 year old woman that would've beat me by a minute! Jeeze!! I guess I should've started training way before now....like maybe 10 years ago. LOL
is perceived to be anti-American. END COMMENT) The emphasis is mine. It is disturbing but perhaps not surprising that the US ambassador is able to succinctly express the underlying realities of US-Australian relations at the highest level. It is one thing to say that "Australians will not elect a PM who is perceived to be anti-American" and quite another to imply that good relations with US diplomats are the price of the support an Australian politician can expect from colleagues such as Arbib, who called Gillard in the same cable "one of the most pragmatic politicians in the ALP". The right stuff indeed.
More Adventures soon!
And there is my scared and worried little friend. There is a way in which we can prolong your magnificence and make you feel as if there is an actual point to the massive accident that was all of your atoms colliding and forming the slightly odd looking humanoid with the vacant look plastered all over its stupid face. We will invent religion, and in turn, heaven and hell, and make you believe that your wondrous existence will carry on for the rest of all eternity if it means that we can control you all by brainwashing you into believing in this new thing called “religion.”
I’ve had a child.
Fat should comprise no more than 30% of total daily calories. Cholesterol should be limited to about 300 mg and sodium to about 2,400 mg per day.
With the announcement of the 2009 Michael L. Printz Award only days away, and there is lots of fun speculation all over the kidlitosphere over which of the fantastic 2008 titles might win the prize.
Unknown source
”OK”, I concede. ”But what of your squirrel then?”.
The other option is to allow the whole span of the wing to be aggressively steep, but use other methods to reduce the pressure difference at the wing tip. Firstly teams such as BAR created a cut-out in the end plate ahead of the flap, this allowed some of the high pressure above the flap to bleed off outside the flap, negating the pressure difference and therefore the strength of the vortex. But this was a fairly blunt solution, so teams created the now-common louvers in the endplate.
8: Dog And Butterfly
However, the intrepid STV reporter who compiled the penguin politics report has inadvertently missed a bigger story.
The Point Provers :
We looked into adoption - but that is very very expensive. There was a foster to adopt program through CPS, but we don't qualify. Instead of being the parents we have always dreamed of, we will be the two old people on the front porch, drinking coffee, surrounded by our Chihuahuas.
and I am an Artist.
My first trip was with my step-Dad to Out of the Ordinary in Cambridge. It's a darling little spot, loaded to the brim and almost bursting with all things miniature for every sort of miniature dream you can come up with. The owner was kind enough to come and open the shop on a Monday, a day she is normally closed, just for me to browse and have my pick of things! It was so much fun!
Also, if you have a Yukata or a Happi wear it to the event!♪ （^ω^）
Marco was working the room, doing his thing:
You want her chained forever
Great for a beginner or just to try something a little different.
She watches him slip off his wedding ring and thinks to herself
Despite my dad always telling me it was 'fixed', I just couldn't comprehend it at the time. The thought that the two warring gents in their underpants in front of me, may have hours earlier shared a pie, a pint and the petrol money to get there was just too absurd to take in... The atmosphere was electric, and the crowd would really live each bout. The front row was always hogged by dangerous old grannies, armed with handbags and umbrellas with which to thump any unlucky 'baddies'. Of course you could smoke where you liked in those days, and the image of the heavy cigarette smoke rising towards the huge hot lights above the ring is still crystal clear in my mind.
Another tip to keep the bread moist and not dry, is to spray the counter with cooking spray instead of using flour to keep it from sticking.
1 aside
Target Audience: Paranormal fans, anyone hiding bean sidhe secrets
Kick back and relax today mates! Enjoy the day wherever you may be and take time to look back on the last few weeks of your training. Today would be a fine day to reevaluate some goals or even make some new ones…
My point is that your child (the language user) is doing new things with her languages (the tools), which are also new to her. Practising the use of new tools is a good thing. I, for one, had to figure out how to set up this first blog of mine, and how to post to it. It took me inordinate amounts of time and aggravation, but now I can do it – sort of, I’m still learning too. My point is that we need to focus on the user’s developing skills, not on predicaments of tools. We need to look at what we do with our languages, not at what we do not do. Like this:
The Doctor: I see. That's a very interesting concept.
Because honestly, mid-nineteenth century London normally looks like a wet fart – stinky, soggy, and brown.
Socialising
Owen was fascinated by the medieval weaponry on display and got the chance to handle lots of swords, and even an enormous shield. The young man demonstrating told us that way back centuries ago the sons of the upper classes would learn their fighting skills from around the age of eight, only two years older than Owen. The equipment was just so heavy and everyone marvelled at how Owen managed to handle it so well.
(Picture removed, by order of Mule)
For every bomb we built we made ten million pills to cure twenty thousand diseases. We are the most benevolent race on earth, the main givers to charity, the majority of all fund raisers, aid workers and philanthropists.
Compare that to the network news aimed at adults: Kids are stupid and need to be watched 24/7 or they will stick all ten fingers in electrical sockets.
“I never heard of any graveyard around here called Dark Cemetery,” I muttered.
Joanna has designed some of my very favourite stamps, check out her stamp range and some very gorgeous flowers in her store, Inspired By Stamping.
and I know..
I tried six or so bows and decided on the recurve you see in the image. I've got alot of practicing to do but I've got a knack for it I think. My goal for the next 3 months is to to be able to put 80-90% of my arrows into a 7" circle from a variety of ranges. Thus far I've been shooting from 13-18 yards but would like to have accuracy up to 30 - 40 yards. I'm initially just working on having good form and building up strength in all the muscles involved. My intent is to shoot 60 arrows a day though I expect it will be a month or so before I can do that everyday. I'll work up to it.
take Abby in for some chest congestion she couldn’t get rid of. Aiden was with
I agree with John Heitman "In a world where there are lots of smoke screens and J. Edgar Hoovers, an individual can really be hurt."
Saturday was spent venturing to downtown Milwaukee. We stopped for lunch at Alterra, this really cool coffee shop that I'm basically obsessed with now. It took me forever to decide what I wanted to eat because EVERYTHING sounded delicious. I ended up getting the Roasted Red Pepper and Brie Melt and Iced Tea. Next we met up with our friends to go on a cute (or as cute as we silly geese were able to make it) double date to the Art Museum and Water Street Brewery for dinner. I didn't take a picture of what I got at the restaurant, but it was a delicious warm, vegetarian pasta salad served a top lots of fresh spinach. Just the way I would have made it!
Rob was doing a good job in bumping into publishers and setting up meetings, and we had another meeting set up for Thursday morning with Tom from Hans Im Gluck. He said he was looking for meatier games and so Rob showed him games like Coffee and Tortuga and all I could show him was Akrotiri. He really seemed to like Akrotiri, but understood that it was with another publisher. But again, it’s good to have a ‘line-up’ of publishers willing to look at our games! We went to lunch together and had another casual time with a publisher!
The caramel was the maiden voyage for my new Thermapen. I did the same thing I always do with caramel. I wait just seconds too long. I see that the temperature has somehow gone above 360, and goes even higher after I turn off the heat. Now, however, I've written "LOWER" in the margin of the cookbook, because Woody has advised me to write more notes to myself in my book, and I always take Woody's advice, even though I was brought up not to deface books.
After that, he will need chemotherapy. Even with the chemo and the amputation, Charlie has only been given a 5% chance of beating the cancer. The oncologist has given him 12 months to live.
* An entry should be a work of fiction between 1,000 to 5,000 words. The category a story falls into may influence its length.
ISU also gives Parents Loan in the jeep sioux city iowa a first OWI offense in Iowa and to South, Iowa borders with Wisconsin and Illinois and these states are separated by the jeep sioux city iowa a rich historical history that you can enjoy to the jeep sioux city iowa. Most providers will offer some type of blowouts would not become the jeep sioux city iowa for Iowa in the jeep sioux city iowa in the lineup Iowa dominated the jeep sioux city iowa. Brandon Wegher was the jeep sioux city iowa of the jeep sioux city iowa and hay crops that can be just the jeep sioux city iowa to earn an Orange Bowl berth. With Stanzi back in the jeep sioux city iowa and summer you may want to whether they want a posh downtown condo in Des Moines. The job requires you to have good managerial skills as well. You can expect to see a Gothic Revival monument of the plate.
Which of the two above is the right title for my latest book due to be published in the next month or so? It is done as a question and answer book for those who believe themselves to possibly be natural born mediums , healers or both. I struggled to find anywhere for these questions and answers and I know many people today still do, so decided to write a book to help with the questions we all have about it.
Enjoy the colors if nature in spring.
The UCSI lecturer also said the supplementary roll for the last quarter of 2011 did not contain the usual information about the number of voters added or subtracted due to death or enrolment in security forces.
I had some gingham scraps laying around, both ribbon and paper, and those little beads...a jar filled with them that I used ages ago and never used again. Diecuts are Spellbinders, felt and stamp from PTI.
7) Corn Flour – 1 table spoon
So yes, I did this. And yes, it appears to have worked. However, I did barf (twice) at the ENT's office and must sleep on my back and elevated for the next two nights, and not bend down to pick anything up or lie on my side or do any sudden up/down or side/side head motions until Friday. Piece of cake.
We've hit some rough water recently. As we grow together and learn more about each other, layers come away and the reality of just how much my children have to grieve and understand becomes our focus again. We get stuck. Can't we just move forward? I deceive myself by striving to make their life so good and stable in the present that the pain of the past wont haunt them. Then I just end up feeling like a failure and lack the grace required to accept them and love them as they are, wounds and all. I need to give them space to express their pain, even when it is incredibly difficult to bear.
his prayer was
So more specifically, I’ll be working with the newly renamed EWB African Programs team called Public Sector Agriculture. Right now our main partner is the Ministry of Food and Agriculture (MoFA) which is an arm of the Ghanaian government. After having worked with MoFA for several years now, our team is re-analysing how we fit strategically into MoFA’s mandate, and how we can increase the value that MoFA is getting out of our relationship, and by extension the value that they are able to provide to farmers (because in the end, we want to help improve farmers’ livelihoods).
it anyway, get it now.
YEASTED CHOCOLATE BROWNIES (EGGLESS)
(3) While the duty to deliberate does not impose the obligation to decide right, it does imply a necessity which cannot be disregarded, namely, that of having something to support its decision. A decision with absolutely nothing to support it is a nullity, a place when directly attached.
So enjoy! Lossless FLAC, of course.
Last week I wrote a post about how hard it was for southern farmers to find Americans willing and able to do field work. Here are excerpts from a similar story, but this time it comes from the far north (Minnesota), and involves skilled work, not field work.
I just wanted to let you know that the reason I left all the comments on the last post unmoderated over the weekend is that we went to see my son compete in the state-level forensics tournament at Susquehanna University. Thomas, a sophomore, made the finals round in Persuasive Speaking, which we arrived in time to watch, and "scored big points with the judges" (a quote from his speech) with his original presentation, "An Abridged Speech." He took first place, which was actually the first competition he'd won this year; good time to shine. He's also qualified for nationals in the Catholic Forensics League, and he's first alternate (third place in PA) for nationals in the National Forensics League. We're very proud of him.
But, don't worry about me. Waffle House is just two blocks from the office (assuming I can walk there without breaking my neck), and I'll be sleeping on my couch tonight. It won't be as comfortable, but it will be much quieter than that hotel.
collider.com
Natalie smiled assuringly. "It's alright, ma'am. I'm on my way to Denver, but this storm is just terrible. I was wondering if you had any vacancies?"
They delivered the episode without the Diane snippet. And then on the day it was scheduled to air they said, “Oh, we needed to fix something, here’s the version we want you to air instead.” No one thought anything of it and so the first time NBC learned of this was when they saw it on the air. I’m not sure a show could get away with that today but it was sure fun at the time.
“Yes?” Bert questioned. He crossed his legs contently, appearing to have no intention of rising from his seated position on his friend’s trembling frame. “Well, best be out with it, before the tea wears off and I become grumpy. That will happen in about …”—he checked his watch—“half an hour, give or take a minute. As you know, I tend to take thing better after I’ve had a spot of tea.”
For the past two winter seasons I have taught at Falls Creek Primary School. It's a tiny little school at one of the ski resorts in Victoria. There is currently 5 kids attending the school, but over the winter season, when people move up to ski, the enrolments increase to 40. So the teaching staff goes from 1 to 4. Last yeah I was lucky enough to work there full time for 6 months, there were more kids over summer.
B is at the pool, 5 whole nights a week,
Because of it, I thrashed about desperately, looking for true love among humans. I was starved for love. There was never enough, because there was a gaping ulcer in my stomach from the acid of cruelty. Everything gushed out of me just as quickly as it came in, because no one gave me the sealant and the healing balm that would close up the wound. Proper doctrine, rules, and regulations could not help me. Without the love aspect, it was futile to fight against my own anger and bitterness. I needed to understand the love of God and receive the Holy Ghost which Jesus called “the Comforter.”
even entered isabel in a doggie fashion show at the ymca!
Two main possible settings: the Rebellion or an era some centuries away from it.
That’s the status of every single person who is crushing on someone. Not only the singles, but also for the taken people out there. It feels great that with a single glance of your special someone will make your day complete, right? Feels like your in a paradise with him/her.
If most 'local' services are in fact central government initiatives delivered by proxy, then why not scrap the local authorities and allow/force the government to deliver the services, and to take credit for their successes, and of course responsibility for any shortcomings.
Right now you have a lot of description but not much substance. For all the description of Addy, I don't really care about her. She's a lawyer intent on doing good. Ok...and?
COMMENTORS: Thoughts? Criticisms? Critiques?
BBC Top Gear co-presenter Richard Hammond said he thought he was going to die after he lost control of the Vampire jet powered car, at 288mph, when the car flipped over while he was filming a feature for the show, on an RAF airfield near York, last September.
Carrie Etter presents
While the sludge, a mix of household and industrial waste, has been used as a crop fertilizer for years, recent regulatory changes have made it easier for farmers to use.
A lot of arguments defending glutamates start with the fact that they are naturally occurring and exist in a large quantity in the human body. This is true but something happens when glutamates break down from over processing. They become "free" glutamates and don't bind to each other any more. This is where the problem comes in, our bodies are not able to process them once "free", much like free radicals.
Unless it is exactly the same pattern and design (except for the door - the one I made for the workshop is for left-handed like me ;-)), the result is completely different.
So take away the “in your face discomfort” figure of suicides, it’s misleading to say the least, and criminally irresponsible to draw any conclusions from it – other than people at Foxconn are no more and no less likely to commit suicide than anyone else in China.
but it is still the world's best known
They promised her a tiny spell to fix her ridiculous inhibitions, but instead mischievously delivered a full-blown, sanity-squashing lust spell. The temporary curse apparently has no boundaries either…since the first man who walks through her door is the same man who broke her heart ten years ago. Despite Michelle’s vociferous resistance, Sebastian becomes the only man who can appease her unending
Working the grave yard shift at a factory I would get off of work at 8:00 AM. I could have joined my co-workers and meet at the local bar for a shot and a beer. Instead I would go home and walk down to the creek to sit a while.
This is the story of the heroes of our collective past. What is incredibly moving is that so many of these heroes have gone unsung for so long.
This sequence of events leaves only the Christmas Tree Fairy ready to accept that David Cameron was unbiased in the way Murdoch’s BSkyB bid was treated. And as for an email emanating from Hunt’s office saying that the goal was to arrive at ‘game over’ for opponents of the bid….how else is one to interpret that other than Jeremy Hunt acting as a glorifed rent boy for the Murdochs?
(Also note that the BMI is featuring a beer-tasting event with Hugh Sisson of Heavy Seas Beer on December 7th. See the BMI website for details.)
I did notice a couple of questions in the comments for how to make an altered book on the Graphic 45 blog.
And you know what else? Howard Patrick Simpson is in the U.S. with his new family. And he is in school (and is described as a little rascal :). He is well loved and he has his own family, for the rest of his days, however long those maybe.
Your input on the attached poll is appreciated – Thank you.
The best part aside from the great food and wicked DJ was scoring a whole L&B Spumoni Gardens Sicilian pie that I and a couple of other lucky people joyfully schlepped around the rest of the event. I topped my box with a small plate of he salted honey pie and a Liddabits caramel apple and headed back to Harlem doling out a bite to an inquisitive student en route back to Queens.
So my plan....
The book moves quickly. Maybe the series did well because female P.I.’s were scarce in the paperback originals world. If you’re going to have a long wait somewhere and don’t want to get into anything you have to think about, a Honey West book may be good time passer. There’s a lot of absurdity as revelations come one after the other. Despite the violence etc. it’s a light series made for the airport/bus station book rack.
Arendt’s major concern in her essay “The Crisis in Education” (1954) was that our much-vaunted school system, at all levels, was “helpless before the individual child,” that we were in danger of forsaking the “obligation that the existence of children – human beings in the process of becoming — entails for every human society…One cannot educate without at the same time teaching,” she wrote, but “an education without learning is empty.” The ultimate iteration of freedom as action — in Hannah Arendt’s hopeful words — would be only through education to inspire and encourage “care for a world that can survive us, and remain a place fit to live in, for those who come after us.”
to 306 inclusive they speak in turn. V. Gutterdsammerung, III. i: the
Cook the pasta in heavily salted water according to the package directions. While the pasta is cooking start the sprouts.
I reviewed Death of a Superhero and Rubberneck for Slant Magazine, wrote a bit about Cut in a recent blog post, and will try to say something about The Fourth Dimension and Jackpot in an upcoming post. So watch this space, as the young kids say...
“Fuck!” Shoving the person near him, Darien took off out the door and ran after her.
The Freeport mine sits on some of the world’s richest gold reserves and the US company’s local subsidiary is the largest single taxpayer to the Indonesian government.
6. I’ve known you long enough to know you love dark, tragic stories. What is their appeal for you?
Sometimes, late a night, I crave ice cream. Not even a special kind of ice cream, I just want a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Plain jane vanilla. I’m allowed to have 1/2 a cup of that… once a week.
Yesterday I didn't just not exercise....I completely forgot about exercising! That's a first during this challenge.
There's definitely something about the earthquakes the scientists are not telling us. Something in those gas vapors from the Earth's flatulence makes people in the regions where earthquakes occur frequently battier than others. If you read the comments at the article you will be surprised to note that people are more irritated with the IRS than the fact that this great-grandma was selling suicide kits. What a world we live in !!
" covers all kinds of techniques for everything from buttonholes, to hems, to necklines, basic tailoring, even correct basting. What it doesn't spend time on is pattern fitting, so I recommend purchasing one of several books on fit or pattern alterations, to work in conjunction with this book. If you are an ace at patterning already, then you're good to go.
The tide or moon clock on St Margaret's Church is unique, and there are three different 'clocks' on the Saturday Market Place. The carving of the 'witches heart' on number 15-16 in the magnificent Georgian Tuesday Market Place and a medieval toilet seat in the Town House Museum all details which give character and pleasing variety. The Custom House was built by Henry Bell in 1683 and overlooks the Great River Ouse. There are two Guildhalls which indicate how prosperous the town was and one, Trinity Guildhall, has a chequered front. The town's Regalia collection is kept within and the beautiful and priceless King John Cup is amongst them.
-Japanese Photo ((Purikura)) booth
Like the "must place" student who had to be assigned to our class, even if the classroom was full, because they were homeless...
At Country Gourmet Home we offer numerous different fragrances for our wickless wax melts. Shane and Amy carefully measure and add the same amount of fragrance to every melt to insure consistent quality. The amount of fragrance throw is mostly dependent on the fragrance chosen. Not all fragrances have the same throw. Different individuals have different tastes in fragrances. I am often asked what my favorite fragrance is. My favorite fragrance is not always our company’s bestselling fragrance. Some individuals enjoy a musk smell, while others do not. Some like a flower smell, while others like a baked goods smell or a fruit smell. We sell a pineapple upside down cake fragrance that smells just like the real thing baking in the oven. One of my friends told me once that she was melting the pineapple upside down cake melt in her warmer when her son stopped by for a visit. The son stayed and sat for a while visiting. Finally, after a bit, he turned to her and asked when the cake would be done baking. He honestly thought she had a pineapple upside down cake in the oven. We also have a fragrance called doodle bug, which is a fun fragrance that is an exciting combination of cream soda, fresh watermelon slices, hubba bubba bubblegum with just a hint of newborn baby.
I have been a stay at home mom for 5 1/2 years now. Basically since I began I have been cutting out things in life that once were and dropping commitments to make more room for the care our growing family has needed.
Note: I was not paid or compensated in any way for writing this. The documentary team who produced this had no idea that I was going to mention this film on my blog. But it’s the least I can do after seeing this.
Kenya Debt Relief Network; Kenya ;
Your forge was always your own,
I was wondering if this particular iPad2 was EVER going to get into Elizabeth's hands! :)
Next sunday we will publish the TOP 3 of our last challenge and & thanks so much for playing with us during our first year together.
It’s Christmas Eve, 1938, when Madge Arwell comes to the aid of an injured Spaceman Angel as she cycles home, in this year’s Doctor Who Christmas Special, starring Matt Smith as the Doctor.
Publishers' Desk boasts huge lists of publishers and agents--but these aren't especially helpful, either (the implication, of course, is that these publishers and agents actually use Publishers' Desk, but the lists look to me more like a gigantic pile of names harvested from the Internet). For one thing, there are fee-chargers. In the list of publishers, I spotted three vanity publishers--A Better Be Write Publishing, Aberdeen Bay, and American Book Publishing--before I even got out of the A's (Publishers' Desk's FAQ acknowledges the probability that "subsidy" publishers will use the site--always a risk with display sites). Ditto for the agency list, where I found names such as Charlotte Gusay (a $35 reading fee) and the delightfully professional Eddie Kritzer, who charges a $600 upfront marketing fee.
I, personally, absolutely love court room dramas. If I had it to do all over again I would be a lawyer. I love the court room board game. Two players having to convince the jury to see their point of view while following the rules that the referee (The Judge) enforces. This one is powerful. Sure they give the ending away with the scene right before the famous “you can’t handle the truth” scene. But it doesn’t give away how it ends. You can’t deny the power of Jack Nicholson in this one and if he had a couple more scenes I believe he would have received the Oscar he was nominated for in this film. You should not ignore this film.
The dignity of the human race is universal. It knows no boundary to any country, or ocean, north pole or south pole, or equator. The human race in every country has equal amounts of dignity. The northern countries do not have more dignity than the countries south of the equator. There is not more dignity for the human race in the countries east of the prime meredian, than for the human race who happened to settle in the countries to the west of the prime meredian.
"The Raven" is a neat, if not terribly deep, mystery film. It has an atmosphere that brought to mind a little bit Poe's stories--with their twisted intrigues, darkly romantic atmosphere, and downbeat endings where nobody wins and all is horror and misery--and a lot of the Edgar Wallace-inspired movies from the 1960s--with their masked maniacal villains undertaking impossible schemes of murder. It's a combination that I enjoyed immensely as the film unfolded. I liked the film's denouement, because until the film's last moment it looked like they were setting up a sequel... and I was relieved that they backed away from that. (Although... the way it did ultimately end, the door was left open for one, depending on what you imagine happened as the credits start to roll.)
Make sure you give plenty of hugs: proper touching improves a child's development. Touch their head, shoulder, hand, etc.and smile when you do. Silence sometimes speaks louder than words.
With Tarragon Vinaigrette
The truth isn't an easy thing to handle. It's hard to find the balance between not giving someone enough truth and pushing far too much truth onto someone. One extreme puts me in the position of being an ingenuine liar and the other turns me into an obnoxious inconsiderate tattle-tale/nag.
Maida: 250 gms
I took time to glance down at our empty slip. Boat's still on the hard because the weather is dictating the painting schedule. I need to spend more time starring at that empty slip to experience what's it going to feel like in the future. We'll race her again before she's done with us, because TW will not accept the first offers she attracts. But it's not going to be the same: she's got her orders.
Big Sky Brewing Company Powder Hound Winter Ale
Movies, TV shows, and made-for-TV movies are visual. The scripts are primarily parsed into two categories – dialogue and action. The dialogue is not stale and typical; it reveals the characters, the conflict, etc. Just like in a novel. The action shows us the movement that occurs within the movie.
‘Je Me Perds’ kicks the final chapter of the album into life just as you’re starting to wonder if the light had gone out. Standing at 1.28 its a short and not at all sweet kick to your ears.
4. Cody Rhodes v. Big Show for the IC title in a table match
My earliest convenience got me there yesterday afternoon. McGill's is a pretty small place, maybe 12 tables, but at least 3 waiters walking around. I must say the service was spectactular and Marty, my waiter, was very speedy and friendly. He walked right up after I was seated and mentioned the specials. I didn't pay attention because I was just going to get some French onion soup. I told him that and Marty gave me a wink and a smile and said "you must have heard how great it is". I said I did.
since today's upset had deep roots in frustration he then started talking about hitting the pillows (which we've green-lighted as an acceptable target for hitting hands in our house) and "shaking it out", which we do with our arms to let our frustrated feelings out. so after he cried he hit the pillows a bit which led to some silly time rolling around on the bed, laughing.
The pattern calls it a vest, but it's more like a short-sleeve cardigan, which is just what I wanted. Were I to make this again, I'd decrease for the neckline sooner, and make it more of a deep-v.
His strength was that he wasn’t willing to be swept along in any religious movement. He wasn’t gullible. He wouldn’t be easily deceived. The world needs people like that who can look at all the options and then make the right choices. They are not easily carried away on the spur of the moment. We see this in Thomas earlier in the ministry of Jesus, when Jesus told them that He was going to wake up Lazarus from sleep. He meant that He was going to bring Lazarus back to life. Thomas recognized that Jesus would be walking into dangerous situation.
I am so sentimental aren't I?! So if you think you have have something you know where I am!!
As always I would love to hear any feedback or comments you may have,
Top a warm tortilla with the meat mixture, and garnish with cheese, onions and lettuce. This amount will serve 3-4 people, depending on how hungry they are. When I am serving 6, I double the amount, but with a hungry teenage boy it's not quite enough anymore!!
When you promised to love me!
Klaus Briest - Bass
For a little while, the illusion actually works. Then inevitably, at some point, the person you singled out, or made special in your eyes, fails to function as a cover up for your pain, hate, discontent or unhappiness which all have their origin in that sense of insufficiency and incompleteness. Then, out comes the feeling that was covered up, and it gets projected onto the person that had been singled out and made special – who you thought would ultimately “save you.” Suddenly love turns to hate.
And claimed the effulgent bejeweled crowns from their heads.
My next auction didn't fair so well....but that's how the auction business goes. My next one, I sold for retail price...still waiting to get paid for that one...yep there are non payers there too, just like everywhere else online. My buyer is suppose to be working on setting up her paypal account, so we shall see. Oh and if you haven't figured it out, the only acceptable payment method for now is paypal.
Cops everywhere outside Selangor club, lounging about smoking etc. Politely this time one said in Malay, 'sorry uncle all roads to LRTs closed'. 'How do we get home?, we asked. He shrugged apologetically and pointed down Jalan Raja Laut. Along the way, helpful people told us the only way out was the commuter train. Sogo, Masjid Jamek, and Pasar Seni LRT stations were all out of bounds.
Yes, I am that crazy. I am going to attempt to do two monthly workshops--one at my home and one about 30 miles away each--each month on top of everything else. PRAY for me. HARD.
Reminds me
Pakistan (MNN) ― Muslim extremists are blamed for the murders of five Christians in Pakistan in less than a week.
Jesuit-trained at Georgetown University, where he had close ties to
ancestral souls fine-tune genetic goals
During all this time nobody dared to move, for we did not know at what moment our perilous support might over-turn, throwing us all into the sea. The buoyant air was gradually leaking from under the boat, lowering us further and further into the water.
Needless to say, this is the one to get. The added tracks only enhance what is already a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
Thursday, December 20th–Therapy.
Sometimes there are tears in their eyes, then there's a smile round their lips, afterwards when the ceremony is over, the sound of laughter echoes against the wall of the old tower, drifting off into the rustling of the poplar leaves, the silence returns, another year gone, hope we'll meet again!
See! Any animal can be a Christmas animal--just throw a Santa hat or scarf on it or give it a candy cane to hole! I hope this helps you want to join our fun! :) Now, onto my cards! :)
(E) Extra – Pouring on oil and wine. We deserve the best.
Next stop, gasoline - and the third phone call from my daughter. Needless to say, the cell phone store won the battle, and I was officially done with them. I called customer service (for about the 10th time in 3 days), apologized up front for my attitude, and angrily explained everything we had been though. For a change, I got someone who would listen to me. This wonderful woman bent over backwards to solve our issues, applied rebates that for some reason just weren't available for the previous reps to apply, and will be the recipient of a very nice letter to her manager. I'm crossing my fingers that our problems are solved finally. We will know tomorrow.
Tell me..if General Patton was in charge of our war effort, do you think we'd still be fighting a bunch of 7th Century Brigands over a decade after 9/11? What do you think he would have said about the current ridiculous Rules of Engagement our troops have been saddled with in Iraq and Afghanistan?
As I’ve mentioned before, I’m rather curious about people and I like the idea of photographing strangers, so I’ve decided to start the 100 strangers project on flickr.
(John 8: 1- 6)
While I still don’t know why Congolese little girls are “tortured” with hair extensions, I think I’ve now found the answer for the fitness of children and teens: it’s the dance of contortions—of the lower legs, thighs, waist, and upper body, with the accompanying effects on the muscles of the neck; just like hula hooping or swimming. A normal Soukouss tune runs for about 8 minutes on average — this translates into a total cardiovascular workout. Besides playing football (soccer), Congolese kids dance all the time. Hence, their incredible fitness. Even the “Shegues”—the street kids and teens of Kinshasa—are fit like athletes! (And they are thus a real menace to the riot cops whenever there is a riot in the capital city. I've personally seen them in action on July 27, 2006 during the presidential campaign chasing "robots," as riot cops are called; I captured the mayhem on camcorder and posted two videos on YouTube: here and here.)
Natalie: Yes.
Many of the people and places Mayne describes seem to have sprung directly from the pages of “A Thousand and One Nights” ( Penguin Classics) a compendium of scheming viziers, astoundingly beautiful women, impoverished shoe makers, and amazing holes in the ground leading to untold treasure........
Green cardamoms 2
The killers claimed they were a family member of the person and would deposit between R3 000 to R4 000 into the new account.
Matters more that I know the solution.
We dissed Kyoto on the late night news....
Despite confident predictions of a Newscorp return to the sector last July, the Murdochs haven’t looked at a disguised relaunch (or ‘Sunday Sun’) as yet. In truth, the sector’s potential is very limited: although few outside the business realise this, fully 700,000 Screws readers simply stopped buying a newspaper on Sundays. I think two factors here are key. First, Sunday activities have changed. The Sunday snooze and gradual hike through umpteen sections is becoming a thing of the past: the so-called day of rest is in fact much more these days one of outdoor activities. Shopping is one…and ironically, for some folks, another is going to watch Sky soccer down at the pub….a development pioneered and driven by the Digger himself.
Concept of Citizenship
Then I began to wonder how much £234,310 would be in today’s money. The best person to ask would surely be an historian, maybe one with an interest in naval history? Luckily I have a good friend who is such a person, a Senior Research Fellow and Lecturer no less at the prestigious Greenwich Maritime Institute, housed in the grand surroundings of the former Royal Naval College on the banks of the Thames, with its amazing Painted Hall. So I asked him, and here’s what he said:
Foreigner
I usually have about ten or more windows open in Firefox, and even though I can do that on my I-Mac, I continue to get the spinning beach ball of death all the time. It freezes everything for a short amount of time, and then I'm good to go..until the next SBBOD comes around, which usually is in about the next minute or so. This is really starting to get on my nerves to be honest, and I don't enjoy being on the computer nearly as much.
With my call to ordained ministry came clarity and passion to learn and grow… to develop into the man God called me to be. Certainly study is a key component of being a pastor as I’m called to teach God’s Word and all of its ramifications for every sphere of life. But my newfound love of learning (well, “newfound” as of 23 years ago) goes beyond that. I thoroughly enjoy reading about many topics as well as taking advantage of the increasing number of audio and video resources becoming available, not to mention all the FREE resources online.
Step out of your comfort zone and into a new level of portrait photography. Start by taking 100 portraits of people you don’t know, total strangers. We welcome both beginner and advanced photographers. You may be new to photographing strangers or already have experience with this type of photography. Regardless, everyone is encouraged to take up the challenge.
Pau-po pau-polo is in pau-t quarks in a brief history of time
CCS has sapped investment in renewable power research. $1.8B in subsidy to nuclear recently.
For Waddo for Ritchie and Ian in scholar green
Boggess took a breath test and blew an estimated blood alcohol level of .157 and a .151, nearly twice he state's legal limit for driving.
Clean on the nose with a slight hint of wheat. Smooth as it hits the palate, with tones of liquorice on a short offering.
Several large tree limbs are severed or nearly severed and are essentially hang over people's heads. I witnessed and took photos of several trees who's branches seemed far from secure (as of Monday 9/20) and I wonder if anything is being done about the danger posed.
Like I said before, we are simultaneously working on a few projects at a time! Sounds time consuming and it is, but it's always fun to be busy with projects that you enjoy! I've been looking for a while to replace our couches in the living room. They are both kind of comfortable but neither are really what we are looking for. They don't match and mainly they always look undone. The minute you sit down on it they are messed up and you have to re-fluff all pillows to look decent again. It's kind of like having an unmade bed, in the living room, all the time! They just look messy and ick. And they are both old couches that we acquired through the years from family so I feel like it's time we get a "grown up" couch that we pick and pay for! YIKES I know- I'm growing up right here in front of you!
Father’s Day gifts can be a tricky proposition. Fortunately, most men have similar basic needs and wants that don’t change much, regardless of their age or situation. This Father’s Day gift buying guide will help you figure out how to buy a Father’s Day gift that will tell Dear Old Dad that you care — specifically, that you care enough to think about what he would really like to receive on Father’s Day.
My garden runneth over, with zucchini. I've made zucchini bread a few times already, and while we all like zucchini bread a lot, we are getting a little tired of the same ol' same ol'. Mr. Boom and Chirp-chirp refuse to eat fried zucchini, no matter how much Parmesan cheese is melted over the top, so I'm trying to find new ways to use up the squash.
I don't think it's a coincidence that faux-Whites are often semi-jews. They exhibit a deep psychological conflict, craving for whatever reason to be seen as White, or more accurately "white", while deprecating Whiteness. They echo neo-liberal anti-White guilt-tripping even as they strike a pose against it. They tend to ignore, distract from, or dissemble about jewish exclusion/particularism/discrimination/supremacism and anti-White culpability.
John knew how to conduct an interview, and I always looked forward to reading them in the Chronicle. Apparently I wasn’t the only one; John’s tenure at the Chronicle lasted 33 years!
-Who in clothing: young men, Lederhosen
-Contains malt barley for healthy coats and glucosamine for healthy joints
The scene where an adrenaline shot needs to be administered to the moll in order to revive her is, I believe, a re-enactment of an anecdote from the excellent Martin Scorsese documentary, American Boy: A Profile of Steven Prince.
Sinner, how he yearned to be
‘Oh, not that long,’ I told her out of a desire to soften the shock of his eventual death. ‘Just a couple of years probably.’
He added: "If David don't fight me, I am going to physically burn him."
Is history repeating itself? At the tower of Babel they rejected the Word of God. In Romans 1:25, “They changed the truth of God into a lie.” The Jews were doing this by seeking the life of the apostle Paul. They were making the cross of Christ of no effect. Of course it is of no effect to those who reject it. Rather it becomes a form of condemnation.
"I have been published before" means I look you up on Amazon.
First part has a lot of library music tracks and very short uplifting moments.
She had 3 minutes to perform a cover and her original " Fall for you .. the cover is her own regaee / folk version of "nothin compares to u " hope you all enjoy it x
While I'm at it, I'll share just a few more pics of my cute little store from the outside
August 6, 2011
Like most cases that gain national attention, the Zimmerman-Martin ordeal has stirred emotional responses in people that often cause them to jump to conclusions before all the facts are available. There are several controversial issues at hand in this case, and advocates on all sides of these issues appear to be drawing conclusions in this case that help support their positions regarding these issues.
she could suffer a fatal bleed over the weekend.
I know that I should not be writing about such shallow and non-sense stuff but I think there are lessons which we can get from what happened.
The Spy Who Loved Me is a good James Bond book. I know he thought that it was terrible and felt that the experiment in writing about Bond from a woman's point of view failed miserably but that simply isn't the case (he hated it so much, he asked that it not be reprinted--ever). You can make the case that Fleming stank at writing from a female point of view, because I don't think Vivienne Michal sounds much like a real woman at all, but that's a minor point and we must admit that most male writer do not write female characters very well. Female writers, on the flip side, also do not write male characters very well. It's a Mars / Venus thing. You can't write about what you don't understand.
I never knew whether I would have children or not. At 34 I was still single, not ever imagining that I would meet a man "in time." Or at least not a man who'd stick around long enough to impregnate me. And I had mostly come to terms with it, but not entirely. Not because I was desperate to be a mom. More because I hate hate HATE more than anything being told what I cannot do. Tell me I can't sing, I will sing every chance I get. Tell me I can't go to Kirsten Silverstein's house after school because her mom lets her smoke pot, that's where you'll find me. Tell me I can't climb Everest--well, I will not climb Everest. But I will resent you and maybe say a few catty things about you behind your back.
Remember that I had been willingly involved in the occult since 16 and had been meditating and doing other occult practices for 14 years. I had been firmly entrenched in the camp of the Fallen One without knowing it. How’s that for deception? You see how subtle it is? The entire time I was in the New Age, I thought I was on the right path toward spirituality and enlightenment; instead, I had opened myself to what the Guidebook to the Supernatural calls the doctrine of demons.
It has been a tough week for me being sick and all. I seem to do fine in the morning but in the afternoon I feel hot and cold and weak all together. Whatever bug I caught, it is not going away.
One study to show this was led by scientists at the Center for Functionally Integrative Neuroscience at Aarhus University in Denmark. Comparing MRI scans of the brains of meditators with the brains of non-meditators, they showed that meditation causes actual physical changes in the gray matter of the lower brain stem. Meditation makes the gray matter grow.
I know I am not the only one who has those days where you are running behind or where you have do something unexpectedly before you had time to get ready. Well… Sunglasses are the quickest and easiest fix!
E-design is a wonderful new service we we are now offering at Van Wicklen Design! You choose your room that you would like to update, and we'll walk you through the process every step of the way. Van Wicklen Design will provide you with an overall "Mood Board" as a visual guide and inspiration to complete your space. We will also provide resources, shopping links, DIY ideas, and additional design guidance.
When it comes to the main character or the main antagonist though, I need to do more than just list characteristics, quirks, and history. I have to ask myself whether that character can carry a whole novel. Is she:
From The Publisher
And there’s diamonds and pearls in your hair, yes there are.
I had two turkey sandwiches on wheat with mayo and cheese today for lunch.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble;
Another, October 8th 2011…
As for on the dresser, I'd swap out the sea foam lamp I bought at Home Goods with a gift card (send it off with big sis Maura to her new room down the hall) for something in yellow, a fun pop of color, like this Alexis Ceramic Table Lamp in Sundrop Yellow from Pottery Barn.
Just when I thought I had seen it all from Todd Bentley and friends, here is the latest DVD series from John Crowder…Supernatural phenomena discussed on this teaching set include:
No traveller returns, puzzles the will
Wendi and I were determined to at least, hear her voice! LOL We scheduled a conference call with her one day and sparks FLEW!! She was amazing! Incredibly genuine and down to earth!! We both instantly clicked with her just like we had been friends forever! She was JUST like us!
i am taking
Theater.
If you factor both the road closures in Cupar and Strathkinness then you're left with only one choice if like me you travel between Pitscottie and Dundee a lot. You've got to go all the way across to St. Fucking. Andrews at a time when fuel prices are at a record high and climbing and at a time where we're being told to be friendly to the environment by driving less miles. How am I supposed to do less mileage if Fife council closes all it's roads at the same time?
Since I was just doing a “dry run” and not a full-fledged shopping trip, at the first store I decided to get just one package of each item I had on my list to see how long it would take on average to navigate the aisles I needed to go to, then extrapolate that time over the number of stores I planned to visit — since food items are clustered together, I figured that the time spent picking up assorted non-food items around the store would be a better indication of how long it would take to navigate each store, then once I had picked up those items I would finish my shopping in the grocery section.
I learned through personal experience that college isn’t a good place to find yourself, and that there are much better places for that. Write a book. Save the rainforest. Teach English as a second language. Revitalize your community. Build a house. Live somewhere that you don’t speak the language. Read this blog.
It's all well and good to be worrying about teenagers doing drugs, but stoned teenagers are amusing, at least. They ride their skateboards around, and then trip and fall in front of me, which sets me up nicely to say witty things like, "I always wanted men to fall at my feet, but you're a bit young." They cannot appreciate my marvelous and clever repartee, but it's hard to get a good audience. You get what you pay for.
25ml lemon + lime juice
DAMIEN: It’s okay. Hey – it’s okay. (Damien takes Mallory and puts her on his lap.)
3rd March 2012 - Insight into the Women's Fiction Magazine market
Dark.
The Card
The sentry stepped back.
In 2005: 16th National Poetry Slam in Albuquerque, N.M.:
April 18th: Bloomington Brewing tapping party starting at 8 pm
and refine. Man tried to follow the Master’s touch,
Barry is a great person and a brilliant writer of thrillers. His site is hugely helpful and everyone should have a look at it, but his current homepage features titles that aren’t in the G-rated territory so we didn’t feel right about sending you there.
Oh, that’s funny, I noticed you when you walked in.
Jimmy Kimmel (Jimmy Kimmel Live)
Well, I am finally here with a card, when Kezia first came home although she took up a lot of time, she would sleep for periods of 4-6 hours, however that very quickly changed !!!!! I started this card, and it took me 2 days just to get it coloured and cut out!! eventually after 4 days, of just giving it 10 min here and there I finally got it done! ...... I think all these topper kits that I keep obsessively buying and never using, my finally get an airing out of necessity!! LOL!!
We like the following things on our pizza - ham, salami and mushroom. So I used baby bocconcinni which I halved and then we put either a piece of ham or salami or a quarter of a mushroom in the dough ball so each one is a surprise. Hence the name...
I blame her preschool teacher. Miss Megan got a ferret during a class trip to the pet store and brought that ferret into the classroom fairly often. This was when Li was 4. She's now 16 had has NEVER forgotten the ferret that Miss Megan introduced her to and has said for 12 years how much she'd like to have a ferret.
What was your most comforting toy as a child? Was it your fuzzy teddy bear? Your warm blanket? The truck your favorite uncle gave you?
The company continued its phenomenal growth for decades and grew larger and larger. By 1977 the company’s workforce was already over 300,000 personnel. Revenues reached $50 billion in 1985. Those figures are staggering even by today’s standards.
I swear trouble follows a fortunate few of us.
I had a lot of fun responding to Tricia's Poetry Stretch challenge over at The Miss Rumphius Effect this week. She drew readers' attention to the odd and wonderful poetry of Paul Violi - some of which imitates the tables of contents or the indices of imaginary books - and asked us to produce something along those lines. Part of the challenge was to make it autobiographical, and the poem I produced doesn't exactly do that, though I think my own experiences with the hiccup over the years influenced it. Here it is:
Well, done, my lady! Well done!
Armor saves (extra)
MIPTV Cannes 2012 Who’s coming to MIPTV
Which got me thinking - how about the literary version? What if instead of music you had to choose books to take with you?
**Julie Dobbins, if you still read this BLOG, please e-mail me your new e-mail address. I have an old one and my e-mails aren't going through. We miss you guys!!!
I was suppose to meet with Becca and Addi for lunch the other day at a Chinese joint. I sorta slept in. The worst part is that the night before I had haggled Becca into having lunch at 11:30 instead of 2:00 because I'm pretty much starving for lunch by 10:30. I thought it was a great compromise. Unfortunately, due to not being able to sleep the night before - I definitely overslept. When I woke up I completely forgot about lunch. So I got up and sleepily started blogging and around 11:45 I got a call from Becca - panic - I told her I was nearly on my way (mostly left out the part that I had to shower and get dressed too...)
Unfortunately, I missed Pres. Obama's address to the country last night, regarding this epic environmental disaster in Louisiana. Of course we live in the age of YouTube and instant replays, so I managed to garner the gist of this speech.
Yet the unease brought on by the burka is partly the point of the burka. That is, it is a symbol of the Muslim woman’s separation and distance from non-Muslims. It is also a statement of the woman’s commitment not just to Islam, but also to Islamism or militant Islam (even to Islamoterrorism!). So the burka was actually designed, as it were, to make infidels feel uncomfortable; just as Doctor Martin boots were designed for that (or at least the wearers thought so).
I like odd things. When you get to know me you find out the little bits and pieces that make me tick!
This is a vicious Mercury retrograde for your sign. Why? Because for the sign of Cancer (this means you) this Mercury retrograde occurs where Mercury lives. In other words, it's at "home" going crazy! This really affects your day to day efforts to do things and talk to people. Therefore, pay your phone bill. Recharge your cell phone. Take care of car repairs. You will encounter transportation delays, missed buses, car breakdowns, confused communications, misunderstandings, lost items, along with cheques that are late in the mail plus increased confusion with siblings, relatives and neighbours. This sounds pretty maddening, doesn't it? Hang in there.
With legs long
The event evolved thus:
Welcome to Designing From Bones, where we use archaeology, myth, mysteries and history to unearth the stories of tomorrow.
I've been waiting a long time to see this..
Pam Corbin (2010 American edition)
This concept of a shared language dividing two people was hitting our little tableaux. As my lovely wife tried to understand what the Pardo’s woman was saying, the order-taker asked in a tone and style similar to explaining math to a first-grader, ¿Como va a pagar?, which comes out to be “How will you pay?”
The police say there were 1,500 EDL supporters in the town, plus another 1,000 in the Unite Against Fascism counter-demonstration.
There is no doubt we all have different shopping lists, numbers of mouths to feed, dietary requirements and restrictions. There will also be plus points with some of us producing some food in the backyard. This could be anything from fruit, vegetables and eggs like us, to milk and cheese for some, and beef, chicken, lamb, fish or honey for others. The aim here is to work together to understand YOUR particular needs for your unique family - or if you're a single person, for yourself. Your aim might be to check your budget figures, or to write a budget for the first time and check the grocery part of it for accuracy, or to change how you shop - it should be anything. It will be different for all of us. There is no pressure, no common goal to reach. It's all an exercise on working out what we're spending each week on groceries and the making sure we're get the best value for our dollars, pounds and eruos.
My friend Mike keeps a close eye on political developments and he has just sent me an analysis of Mr Osborne's recent proposal to make savage cuts to improve the health of the economy. It seems that the British Medical Association has taken a survey of doctor's opinions on this therapy, and since this column is called 'A Doctor's View' I thought I should pass these opinions on, even if they make you cringe.
We are bad; He is Good
Image by Will Taylor Twelvebaskets
And now, the interesting part…
Transitioning- The process by which someone goes from chemically-processed/treated hair to being chemically-free. During this process, cutting and trimming is still necessary but depends on how the individual wants to journey. It is not automatic and requires time and patience. Typically, it can take several months or years to totally transition out from a relaxer (A lot depends on hair length and maintenance). *I tried transitioning for about four months and got frustrated. (See pic)
The slam has been so successful they have had to change locations after only three months in existence to accommodate their rapidly expanding audience. The fourth monthly show takes place Tuesday evening at Naughty Nadz (1590 Dundas St. E. just east of Dixie).
Moss covered pots, bowls and fillers from Save On Crafts: This collection of natural moss covered pieces truly captures the rustic natural elements of the Twilight wedding. Can be used to create centerpieces for the tables or chair decorations.
Poly would gain the umbrella and cross-pollination of a larger university, and significant potential increase in revenue: improved opportunities for grant funds and a larger and better-qualified student body, compounded by NYU’s higher (by about 20%) tuition. (NYU’s is $35,283 tuition plus $11,780 room and board, while Poly’s is $29,894, plus $10,500. Engineering schools generally have higher costs.) NYU students receive fewer Pell Grants; while NYU has said it will continue to help needy students, Poly alumni have questioned the level of that commitment.
Establishment of AHTUs in the State has shown results at the ground level resulting in increase in the number of cases registered, number of rescue operations and more convictions.
The greatest part is that Adele is a CD that my husband, daughter and I all listen to in the car. My daughter doesn't understand the complexity of the lyrics for "My One and Only," but is hooked on the vocal fluctuations of "He Won't Go."
Put the cast iron pan over medium heat and grease the pan.
16. Lenni Tristano - If I Had You
Now came time for locating the first helix layer in place. With Andrew’s assistance, we managed to get it in and around the steel post, but could not manipulate it around the wall ‘studs’ on the main peninsula. Three of these had to be removed to allow the helix to be moved into place. These were replaced later.
Good morning and welcome to another challenge here on Paperplay Challenges.
(Lights open. Anwaar is alone lying on the floor. She is dead. Servants enter and they go to Anwaar. They are crying. Narrator enters.)
this will be Maluckyday.
It wasn't long after, that Mary went to stay with her daughter.
I apologize for the format of this post, but I had all these random things that I wanted to put down and wasn’t sure how else to get them all out, so yeah, I took the easy way out!
It's much easier to talk to young people. We all know what to do. You start with a dopey pop music track, you add quick cuts of people with bad haircuts and tattoos, you mix in a few half-naked models pretending they can act, then slip in a few product shots. (For a primer in how to sell this vapid formula to boneheads, don't miss the "The Pitch.")
I define my practice as working with old buildings, with the definition of “old” having a certain amount of flexibility. For some projects, I’ve also stretched the definition of “building.” Some of the buildings are recognized as historic, some are designated as protected landmarks, and some are eyesores. Once in a while, I work on a building that makes me debate, internally, what the purpose of preservation really is.
Might as well have
Anti-god; Anti-christ (12" LP)
I usually have 2 small snacks a day: One at 10am and other
*illustrate* that in any way they wanted to. Jake excitedly told me about how
The question is not if, but when the Internet is amputated, mutilated, and disabled.
UNHCR: In the January 2012 press release, the UN´s Refugee Agency representative for Germany and Austria Michael Lindenbauer noted that “the so-called airport procedure leads to fundamental problems in the core area of refugee protection” for all refugees, and especially for unaccompanied children and those who have been traumatized by experiences in their country of origin.
I like to use hem tape to finish my hems. I find it hems with less bulk and just seams like the thing to do. After seeing these photos, I think I need to tweak the under pleat – it appears just a wee tad too long, doesn’t it? But perhaps it’s the way I laid it out. I’ll aim for photos with me wearing it soon – today is cold and rainy and I’ve merely changed out of jammies to sweats this morning.
When ready, cut into small pieces and serve with confectioners sugar and cinnamon.
Don't get me wrong. He dressed nice for his job. Wore a suit. Perfectly pressed shirt, and conservative tie. But when the weekend came? He completely morphed.
Happy with Elisabeth's restrained choice here!
I have told you many times how very special you are and want to tell you again. Being at the hospital for both of us, having lunch with Dad in his room, bringing Alissa and Zachary in. All of those things mean so much. You play with the kids and enjoy them (a lot of mothers don't). Your success with Mary Kay has made you a nicer person and brought you many friends because of your caring and personality.
So I took the Copic Certification course today, and it was great fun :)
Did you or your children(grandchildren too) ever have a dollhouse?
Happy Tuesday and Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! I envy all of those bloggers out there that I follow that do all of their projects early. Of course as usual, I was finishing everything up last minute. I work better under pressure.
16. Long Island University Blackbirds
Waves of prairie grass
Meditation and enlightenment are not for the faint of heart.
Violet (Gerwig) is on a mission to clean up the boys – quite literally – and eliminate suicide from the campus.
The medical ethics debate is the obvious jumping off point for discussion. Did the doctors have the right to take her cells and use them without her permission? Did she consent by giving the OK to be treated? Should patients have the right to tissue that they “abandon” at a medical facility? Did the family deserve some financial benefit from all the work done with their mother’s cells? I could go on, and it’s why this book is perfect for a book club. I didn’t have a difficult time with the ethics—tissue samples aren’t body parts and I don’t know that we maintain some rights to them once they leave our bodies. I shudder to think that people would find a way to capitalize their tissue if they felt it would be valuable. And that would have disastrous consequences for science. The tragedy here was that Henrietta’s family suffered so much in life (for reasons having nothing to do with the cells) and then when they found out about the cells, they were angry and confused and hurt. It does seem wrong that they lived in poverty without health insurance, and their mother’s cells made drug and science companies millions of dollars. But then, I think it is wrong that ANYONE lives in poverty and without health insurance.
Responsibility is also a very restrictive force. Consider the parent who takes their children to a play center only to discover that the noise levels and social anxiety are pushing them to the verge of a meltdown. It isn't simply a case of leaving because the kids can't be left alone in such a place.
But don’t say that the Rose Bowl Game and the Fiesta Bowl and the Sugar Bowl and all the other bowl games for that matter do not mean anything because many of them do for that team and that fan base.
I could just scream! Once again I forgot to take a picture before I started to paint.
So I was looking at the flood picture of the Opry stage that first week, and in my head seeing clearly what the stage looked like from the floor, standing in the third or fourth row in from the stage that night in 1983. Remembering that I was looking, basically, up – since I’m short anyway, but still, it was relatively high off the floor.
I needed something that would bake quickly so we got a little of both.
That said, when the products get released, you’ll be the first to know!
It’s their body. It’s their choice.
Caos Calmo, instead, nearly bored us to tears. After Pietro's (Nanni Moretti) wife dies unexpectedly, Pietro - a top man in some sort of fancy film distribution company - spends his days sitting on the bench outside of his young daughter's school. There, he makes flimsy connections with the local characters. Let the healing begin?
It was early in 2008 that the financial system began to get more widespread attention. The sub-prime mortgage market was collapsing, and with it the value of the securities the banks had sold to the pension funds. The collateral that investment banks used to float their transactions had lost value, and this created a solvency problem for the banks. Banks reacted by tightening lending standards, belatedly, and this served to further exacerbate the collapse of the housing market.
Continents
I have been spending a lot of time on the new site CreateMixedMedia this past week, exploring all it has to offer. Much of my time has focused on the video and text tutorials. It is like taking a series of workshops without leaving home. Here are a few of my favorites...
I'll conclude with an exchange in June 2009 between these two hyper-conscious jews about how jews are innocent and Whites (disingenously euphemized first as "Protestants", then as "Christians", and finally as the "white gentile majority") are to blame, excerpted from Black racial preferences at Annapolis; and a conversation with Paul Gottfried about white guilt,, Jews, and Protestants (Auster's emphasis):LA replies:
I have never really bonded with Samuel Beckett’s novella, Mercier and Camier. I can see Vladimir and Estragon evolving (devolving?) into Hamm and Clov, but a younger Didi and Gogo would be like the younger Krapp, more positive as well as more naïve. It would be a lie to say that I’d always wanted to rewrite Mercier and Camier because no such thought had ever crossed my mind, but the idea of a Vladimir and Estragon: The Early Days did, I have to say, appeal. I’d already imagined them dead and in some kind of limbotic state so why not go the other way? And so that’s what I did—sort of.
Honesty: isn’t that the one thing you ask of a book? (Well, all right – likeable characters and decent spelling obviously come into it.) Russell Brand’s Booky Wook is just hilariously honest (and I don’t just mean ‘frank enough to make your granny wince’). There was a generational divide over the Andrew Sachs affair and I was on the grumpy-old-woman side of it (on grounds of kindness rather than taste). But really, Brand is so truthful, I defy anyone not to respect his writing (even if liking him is a stretch for you). He tells you stuff about himself whether it paints him in a flattering light or not (and mostly it doesn’t). He’s even honest about his dishonesty.
child of God, increasing in the revelation of God’s Word. Today, I make
“Dominique – I didn’t know Elijah was your man, okay?” I whispered softly, putting my hand on her shoulder. She whacked it off like it was some sort of bug.
KaiserCraft black rhinestones
Aha. Now we're interested, Mr. Spoto. Wouldn't it be nice to see one of these 1923 and '24 efforts, seeing as how this Hitchcock gentleman turned out to be rather a worthwhile filmmaker, in his own small way? "No prints survive"--aw, nuts.
The Klan guy says he’s not a “hate monger.” The Westboro Baptist gal talks about “moral authority.”
What have your kids done for 100th Day of School projects?
4.) I've had a lot of things on my mind that I would like to write about but they have the potential to be controversial and I just don't really feel like going there. Maybe I will... but only if people play nice. Disagree, but disagree nicely haha.
In an interview with inSing News, Mr Nair said:
about it. We would like to call it a popular song rather than an item song.
Harry Kellar is still remembered fondly as the Dean of American Magicians, and he is also the first in a long line of Harrys. Born Heinrich Kellar in 1849, Kellar was a rambunctious child, the sort who liked to dance on train tracks just to play head games with the engineers of oncoming locomotives. As an apprentice pharmacist, one of his experiments caused an unfortunate explosion. Unable to take the pressure of small town life, he hopped a freight train and ran away to New York City where he found employment as a newsboy. He was taken upstate and enrolled in school by a minister who’d recognized his worth, with the understanding that upon graduating, he too would become a man in the cloth.
Until this time, the child will have usually been learning quite happily, following her curiosity with the guidance and assistance of her parents, as EHE allows. Not having been restricted by the National Curriculum, lesson plans, or other school requirements, s/he will have been free to explore the world of knowledge, communication and information on her own terms and at her perfect pace. S/he might not be reading or writing yet, but might know a vast amount about dinosaurs, birds or bees, or the science of water, or the engineered structure of buildings, or all or none of the above, or something completely different.
Caroline Fryar, whose endless sock-knitting I ploughed through bemusedly, and whose enthusiasm for spinning I sympathised with, turned a hard left from academia. Destined for postgraduate research in all manner of classics and ancient Greek and linguistics, Caroline happened upon her plan B of ditching university to be a shepherdess. Having innocently found her blog while searching ‘knitting,’ and seeing that she described herself most prominently as ‘farm manager,’ my curiosity was piqued—how did she get here? The answer is simply this: She saw an ad. She applied for the job. She got it, and, brushing off the constant questioning of ‘aren’t you wasting your education? your brilliant mind?’ accepted it.
We all sat, stood or knelt on the floor of the cramped hospital room at one time or another. We came and went in shifts throughout the day, hoping he’d be awake, trying to spend as much time as possible with him. We all knew the end was a short time away, as did he.
So off to town to get the rest of the ingredients. Getting off the bus we met two young men in medieval clothing who explained that there was an event in one of the local churches. A Christmas tree festival, medieval living display, flea market and cake stalls, with carols in the background. It was only slightly out of our way so of course we had to go, albeit at a very slow pace:
Everything else, top marks (As or 1s depending on the exam type).
feeding into that fear and nurturing it – we cannot win. Whether or
Is the notice contractual/verbal or understood?
But the leaders of North Korea are keeping their country’s wound open by picking at it and encouraging festering rot.
One letter that did arrive on Wednesday contained some stamps and a request for a particular back copy. On Thursday morning I received an email from the writer wondering what had happened to her magazine. At first I thought she was being a bit eager until I checked the postmark – it had been sent sixteen days earlier! It came from interstate (NSW) but I’m sure I could have walked that far in that time…
The Mutes Brothers Isn't It Neat Being Unique? (Part One) track listing
The town they entered was a far cry from neat, tidy Federas. Lacking local timber, Vessit was cobbled together from driftwood, beach stone and scroungings from the old city. The effect was striking, even riotous. A dwelling on the outskirts consisted of a waist-high, flared wall of lumpen stones in a dozen colours, topped by a flimsy structure of red-brown driftwood that rattled enough to make Dora jump when the wind struck it.
A plan was put into action immediately in Israel to bring the hostages home safely. At the head of the team to lead this effort was a 30-year-old soldier, Lt. Col. Yonatan Netanyahu. “Yoni” to family and friends.
oh yeah, this is 'lasting love'
I knew when I ordered them that the jeans would be too long, but imagine my surprise when I discovered they were a good FOUR INCHES too long even for my highest heels. Thus the first time I tried them on I had to roll the cuffs to even be able to walk over to the mirror, and as it turned out I liked the look so much that I decided to keep the extra length (see this post for how they look cuffed). I can always shorten them later if I want to, but for now I'm digging the 1950's rockabilly vibe that they have when cuffed, and they're slim enough that I can still tuck them into boots.
*If you use "seasoned" rice vinegar, check the label before adding the sugar because often it already contains some form of sweetener.
Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2012 1:54 PM
Zahav opened late April of 2008, with much local success and national attention. Solo, former sous chef at the original Striped Bass and Vetri, and chef at Marigold Kitchen, has quickly become one of Philadelphia's favorite star chefs. I have to give him credit; he found a gap in the area's restaurant scene. Philly foodies were prime for the entrance of a modern Isreali restaurant.
I've saw this book that came out recently and was waiting
So what gave rise to the “Southern Strategy” tale and how did it gain momentum? Take it away, Ms. Coulter:
**Sew to back of pack on top and bottom.
2) think about the number of total people coming because in general you will be baking at least 1/2 dozen cookies per person coming so, if there are 8 people doing the cookie swap then that is at least 4 dozen cookies plus an extra dozen to share at the party. (because the whole idea behind the cookie swap is to share recipes so each person will bring copies of the recipe for everyone plus bake enough cookies for each participant to take home either 1/2 dozen or dozen of the cookie they brought!)
Flowers: Recollections
It was the first game of a doubleheader and an 8-7 "Curly W" for the record books, the second game that day was a 3-7 loss (a "Curly L"?).
1. On level ground place your car in park and put your emergency break on.
Heart beats
At first, I thought that humans had cut down the trees, but I saw unmistakable teeth marks from beavers on the trees. Could it be that the new swamp is a beaver pond? I thought about trying to find the spot on the creek where the water is being dammed up, but since I had already chased the wood ducks once already, I thought it best to let them rest for a day or two before I go crashing around back in there again.
But I couldn’t resist the siren song of that book, so I made a tactical decision to use deep irony — to maintain an absolute deadpan. As nearly as I can recall, this is what I wrote:
I may not know it
What have you not attempted because you have convinced yourself it can’t be done?
ALL PARTICIPANTS DM or email me the following:
A great group. The owner/artist had canvases for us with an outline of the painting we'd be creating. Paint, brushes, and basic instruction was provided. We started painting.
PT Alstom Power Energy Systems Indonesia
I did enjoy this book a lot and was pretty jazzed about the new direction that Jonah Hex found himself. Of course, I was thinking that any Jonah Hex was better than no Jonah Hex.
3 who forgives all your sins
please do. please.
Today I am thanking God for answered prayer, childlike faith, and the miracle at the mechanic.
Well, the message is out, and boy, are people fired up.
Gregory: the debt!
Tax increases.
Pratyush tries to get himself into the magazine, he is holding and Mahek looks outside the window.
“Those are all insane hypotheticals and I promise you they won’t happen.”
Luv It - creates a Big Heart from 10 geometric shapes.
And so, yesterday morning, my husband and I, along with our family, buried our little Gianna. Our daughter was treated as a human being, with the dignity and respect that should be given to all people, but sadly, isn’t. One thing we can hope for is that, through her death, at least one of the many people involved will come to an understanding of the sanctity of life. Regardless of the pain and loss we feel now, regardless of all the pain that is yet to come (and we are far from through with our mourning), God is good, because in the midst of this pain we have the sure joy of having cared for our child in the best possible way we could in the time that we had her.
You've stood waiting for a train. On a platform. On your own. Fairly bored.
Fennel seeds - 1 tsp
Both. Actually, my preference is probably beer (if it's Guinness), but if it came right down to it, I'd take a glass of red wine.
I told her some stories, we laughed a lot and she is now the proud owner of a copy of my novel, The Secrets of Rare Moon Tickle. An avid reader, she promised she'd get right into it and let me know if she liked it. Then she knocked over her beer and I cut her off. Mudder Mary, Kim, handle your booze maid!
Lastly, a new gallery is also opening this weekend – at that event I am sharing/ selling shots from a retreat I recently photographed
I guess the message is “Everything in Moderation.” Take good care of yourself!!!
Lately I have really been missing Jackson. Like really really missing him. My heart hurts just a little bit more than usual. I feel like as much as some people say they get it and say how sorry they are for our loss - their actions don't exactly point to that. I don't want to get into it b/c I don't want them to be hurt - how ironic is that. What they are doing and what has already been done has crushed me but I am worried about their feelings??
Whenever I make these cookies, I get requests for the recipe. I think people like eating something that tastes good and doesn't leave them feeling sick or guilty afterwards! So, this is for the friends that keep asking me for this recipe--sorry it took me so long to get it on my blog. Enjoy!
I would love to give this another try before the season is over. Maybe for dessert when we are carving pumpkins for Halloween!
It also happened on 9/11. We all witnessed a tragedy that stirred the same emotions initially. It was a time that no one needed to talk because everyone was thinking the same thing… Holy S**t! Oh No!! Oh god! I was also interested to notice after the silence ended, discussion started and kept on and on and on….
I’m watching the phone ring I’m feeling this in my heart (my heart)
These three people were such creative trailblazers – ridiculously hard-working, witty, original creatures, who despite the odds, carved out amazingly successful careers, leaving behind an impressive legacy and immense amounts of joy.
Reading: next on TBR
4. Falsies Flared: This is my favorite drugstore mascara, but it has to be the "Flared" version. Adds length and volume to my poor nubbin lashes. It also doesn't make my lashes fall out, which cheap mascara is wont to do.
take my house no one understands the
It was Marge who first tried to infect me with the HIV virus, and a few years later my best junk buddy John. How many others would also have tried to pass on their bad blood if they ever had the chance I dread to imagine, though not many ever had that chance. After wizening to this trick the first time I became something of a junkie recluse, only mixing with other addicts when I needed to, and only on very rare occasions fixing in the same room or toilet.
You see, it’s very important to be a young and solid currency. Why be old and fragile when you can be young and solid? Was not the Reichsmark young and solid when it suffered 8million percent inflation in 1924…and did it not prevail? Indeed it did – with a minor change of Government – until 1945. At which point scarcely a building was left standing in Germany. The genius formerly in charge of controlling the French economy added:
7) How does one go about buying a cemetery for investment purposes?
They are the result of ionised solar particles becoming imprisoned by Earth’s magnetic field, exciting the gases in the atmosphere and emitting bursts of energy in the form of light.
One morning, he fell asleep (yet again) in Mr. Swartz’ class. After the yardstick-on-the-desk trick woke him up, Mr. Swartz laid the yardstick down between his widespread feet and proceeded to read him the riot act.
The side characters are hilarious as well, especially Mimi and OK, who are amazing.
Don’t be greedy! Due to high demand we will only allow four tickets per person.
Jesus Redondo was born 8th August 1934 in Valladolid, Spain. His father was a teacher in Cubillas de Santa Maria, and he inherited a love of drawing, literature and other arts.
You can do this.
From award-winning playwright, Layeta Bucoy:
I stayed there for approximately 3 years when because of work commitments I had to leave. When it was time for me to return there was no longer a place for me - a long story, upsetting, not worth sharing really! - so the then District Commissioner found me another Brownie Pack in a village about 5 miles away who were just starting up and needed experienced leaders to help them out. Off I trotted - 2 Brownie mums who were doing the daunting thing by starting up the pack - they thought I had been sent along to check up on them! After much reassurance, they welcomed me with open arms, we went on Pack Holiday and generally had a fantastic time.
On pages such as this one, they claim that writers will “earn 70% on your sales when priced at $2.99 or higher on all channels.” This is an extremely disingenuous claim, as it is not 70% of your cover price, but 70% of the money Book Country receive from retailers.
F: We had a chat and then the manager decided to give me the job. They didn’t actually want another girl, but because Poly and I hit it off , that was it. I got the job and I was in the band. The band happened very quickly. It was all about the right time and the right place and the right color, the right song.
since they are on board. Everyone is thrown overboard. Everyone but YG. Why, you wonder? He gave these rioting guys his ROLEX!!! (Remember that for the future, please. ROLEX might safe your life someday. You better buy one now)
"Oh for ****s sake! What's going on? I married you didn't I, isn't that evidence enough for you?!" she says exasperated.
One positive note regarding Obama, “…no president has ever relied so extensively on the secret killing of individuals to advance the nation’s security goals.” We like secret wars such as Cambodia, Guatemala, El Salvador, and so forth, but why am I able to write about drone attacks if they’re secret. These killings should be even more secret and we shouldn’t even know there are secret killings. It shows the weakness of Obama’s foreign policy that we know about the secret killings. Strength through secrecy is my motto.
9. Can you hula hoop?
Older info:
Q: What does Coney Island mean to you?
And now I can move on
They were married at St Pancras Church, Lewes, East Sussex on the 6th July 1957. Looking at this, I'm immediately struck by how young they look. My father would have been six weeks short of his twenty-third birthday, and my mother was six months older than him. It's a little odd seeing your parents at that age; you always see them as being much older than you! My father had already seen a little bit of life; by this time he'd done two years National Service, mostly spent in Germany. My mother had moved a lot up to this time; she once told me that she'd moved eighteen times by the time she was twenty-one! I expect she was more than ready to settle down!
confession 1: I had never watched spiderman 3 until two nights ago. as you should expect, this had to be rectified. so it was.
Eventually tons of Quantitative Easing TNT barely made it roll a few meters up
Rob Reiner (North)
Kron said he’d like to believe the operation will deter future prostitution in the area, but given the number of people turned away and the number of those who went through with the rendezvous despite concerns they were walking into a sting leads him to believe more work is necessary.
To a wedding day
So anyway, half the week was trying to function while in pain and the second half was suddenly trying to grasp that the pain is gone and start living a full life again. Interesting times, no doubt.
Get up before dawn. Put on David Bowie, Modern Love. Get dressed for high school. Walk from Dolores Park to Church Street station in the dark. Wait on the MUNI platform. Watch the MOceanView pull into the station. Check to make sure she's sitting in that seat. The seat she's always in. Get on, not taking your eyes off of her. Notice that she doesn't turn to look at you. Even when you sit down next to her. Notice the smile that she can't help releasing as you do. Go to school. Sneak into the back classrooms. Kiss until the bell rings.
So lets simply take a look at a few points with regards to how Money Currently function in the sporting industry and how Money extensively influence, shape and ultimately is the guiding hand which produces what is the current accepted and allowed manifestation of Sports in this world.
By 1904, he was able to build his first Pantages theatre, and from here a fierce battle with the chain of Sullivan and Considine began. Pantages began to build dozens more theatres, competing directly with every Sullivan and Considine house, eventually conquering the entire Pacific Northwest. Around the time of the stock market, Pantages sold out to RKO, and was shortly thereafter convicted of statutory rape. Upon emerging from jail in 1933 he tried to revive his vaudeville empire, but the cards were against him. He died three years later.
We are not sure where his Star Wars obsession started, because he hasn't seen movie one. He will simply say "I seen the commercials!" I think we should write the Star Wars people and let them know their marketing efforts have hooked this five year old...amazing.
Lucy kept screaming upstairs.
against the Commandments of God . I would
When I saw this design I immediately thought it would make a gorgeous needlecase. I used pink fabric with sparkles for the inside of the case, added pink ribbons and used iridescent gold trim. Here is a look at the inside:
We had one of those really amazing conversations after the business was cleaned up: ‘Where do we pee?’ ‘In the potty!!’ ‘Do we pee on the floor?’ ‘NO! That’s yucky!’ ‘Who pees on the floor? ‘Chewie the dog!’ ‘But not boys, right?’ ‘NOOOOOO! Boys pee in the potty!’
These are three good articles to read for junior leaders in the force. They raise hard questions.
NIV (Nyquil Induced Viewing): Perfect for that late night television sleep timer
5) We never lose sight of our strategic vision.
Again, in hindsight probably not the best thing to say since one, he wants me to hit him and two, he would probably hit me back, but it was a text, so I felt safe talking a little smack. He just laughed and mocked me. He said, "Why, you know you are standing there with your feet crossed or standing like a flamingo." That was followed by "Being annoyed is good." "Hitting is better."
Karl: you’re not concerned about
My balloon image is from the "party this way" set. I stamped the balloons and then used embossing powder to make them stand out a bit. I stamped the party this way arrow, cut it out and placed it over a punched circle.
kindle/ebooks (some titles were free or almost free):
- I can change anything and everything simply by doing or thinking something different.
Basically, it's a type of stew, cooked in a pot (we use an electric skillet) in the centre of the table. Each diner takes morsels from this pot and dips them in a sauce in his/her bowl. Everyone makes their own sauce according to their individual tastes.
The plumber arrived early on Sunday morning to survey the damage. He confirmed that the central heating system had exploded (it didn't actually take a plumber to work that out, once we had established that the world wasn't ending, and the house wasn't falling down). and set about mending it. I was quite impressed - I'd been all set with a second possible house lined up in the town, but he actually dealt with it quite quickly and we all crashed into bed for a lunchtime nap to make up for being up half of the night.
Anna Prior’s story in the Wall Street Journal notes the contest between Moravia and nearby Buffalo for the heritage of Fillmore. (Fillmore spent most of his life in Buffalo.) All told and totalled, there may be more information out on Millard Fillmore in the newspapers today than you can find in most U.S. history texts.
wash down the walls and scrub the floor
What does that rootedness offer? Continuity. Tradition. Accountability. Deep, life-long friendships. I envy this because I’ve never had that continuity, that tradition. My oldest friend, dear as he is, dates to when I was 12.
Here we have 1 Thessalonians 5:14-18. This section of verses is known as a figure of speech. Figures of speech are beautiful distinctions in the Word, highlighting a special emphasis or importance on a subject. Each one is a key to unlocking secrets in God’s Word. We turn the keys by knowing their meanings and usages. We have a beautiful figure of speech here called, Asyndeton. It simply means; “without conjunctions.” It takes us through a list of statements. We need to see these statements as a whole and not separate, they lead to a greater conclusion or climax. In this section of verses, using Asyndeton, we find out what is the will of God.
He managed to bring it up at least 2 more times before our next therapy appointment on Wednesday. I was furious when I went in and told her about it. She asked hubby why he wanted it so bad. "Because it will be easier to play games on than my laptop." Not that it will help him look for a job, or learn a new skill, or help get on an online support group.. games. Stupid freaking games. We have 2 UK game systems that we can't use. We have 2 more US game systems. We have more handheld systems in this house than I can name and he wants another one. No! Freaking no way. She actually tried to talk through the feelings, how hubby feels like he has to ask my permission because he isn't working, etc. He was doing some online surveys but stopped doing them and then when I told him to earn the money for the tablet, he started doing the surveys again. Couldn't earn the money to pay for his medications or our house hold bills, but he could find the energy to try to earn the money for this stupid tablet, how selfish it was and how uncaring. She finally told him to earn the money for it or stop talking about it, drop it. I'm glad she took my side.
Regent put down a second, smaller box next to the one Tattletale had brought. I switched positions with Tattletale – she began searching Shadow Stalker, removing crossbows, cartridges of ammunition and two small knives. She found a phone with a touch screen, then reached beneath the unconscious girl’s hood to pluck a wireless earbud from the girl’s ear. After rubbing it on Shadow Stalker’s cloak to clean it, she put it in her own ear and started fiddling with the smart phone. After a few seconds she pronounced, “GPS hasn’t been activated. They probably won’t turn it on to look for her until she fails to return from patrol.”
90-120ml olive or vegetable oil
Lt. Gen. Mike Gould
Once I got outside of The Independent, I saw this flyer just a block away while heading towards home.
One on one.
And he is not here.
The kids got dressed with little to no fuss, even Stella was rather compliant about what Adam had picked for her to wear for the day. They walked well to the bus, they sat well on the bus. Things were looking good. They were happy to go to see Santa, but refused point blank to sit with him for a photo. I will be trying again, I have a photo every year so far, and I will be disappointed if I miss one. I did manage to get one of Adam and Santa, so perhaps that will become the tree decoration for 2011.
pleasure to break bread a few times with Liliana. I was so thrilled when she asked me if I would guest post on her blog. She has been incredibly supportive and is truly a generous person. I knew right away I had to prepare a sweet treat to best represent her sweet personality. So without further ado, I offer
You’d be right.
Oh 4002, I'm gonna own one of you! Oh 4002, why did I do that to you? Oh 4002, did I break you?
Sec. 3. Declaration of Policy. — It is hereby declared the policy of the State to ensure the sustainable use, development, management, renewal, and conservation of the country’s forest, mineral, land, off-shore areas and other natural resources, including the protection and enhancement of the quality of the environment, and equitable access of the different segments of the population to the development and the use of the country’s natural resources, not only for the present generation but for future generations as well. It is also the policy of the state to recognize and apply a true value system including social and environmental cost implications relative to their utilization, development and conservation of our natural resources.
there are other callers in those cobbled
larger-than-life, loud. Is pop, at its best, a utopian space in
Not everyone is cut out for this kind of work, trust me...I get it. But I encourage people to find whatever they are passionate about and do something about it. Find your purpose! God didn't plop us on Earth to sleep, work, eat and procreate while having no impact on people. We aren't here for US..we are here to glorify Him in whichever unique way we can. #foodforthought
Any guesses what will follow?
Grace holds a special place in my heart too, not just because she’s a boxer, but because she is such a love bug! She is also one of Fergus’ best pals.
Ancient secrets will be uncovered. Bloody battles will be won and lost. Bitter enemies will be forgiven – but not before they are hanged.
Here is an “honest” photo. Not for me pretty pictures that make you think that everything is Hunky Dory on Serendipity Farm (theres a children’s book in that!). This is the true state of affairs. This area is under the deck, just around the corner from the last pictures and when we get a spare day we are going to make a walkway through here up to where we have the remainder of our potted babies to be planted out. Why haven’t we done this before today? No idea…lets just say we like to make things difficult for ourselves and be done with it eh?
so all you have to do is include some flowers somewhere in your work, BUT you have to make them yourself either by using dies / punches, altering a ready bought one or using stuff from your stash.
11:15 - said waiter lazily trots to your neighbor's table, asks if they need anything, then leaves without a glance in your direction.
Side One -
As I began painting, there were areas on the wall that had little cracks or chips. I used my paint brush to fill in these little gaps and bumps. The paint did a wonderful job of camouflage, making them not quite so unsightly. They are still there, though; I may be the only one who knows it, because I know where to look. I can still see them lightly through the paint if I look very closely.
already known about its benefits and now you can
372 pages
The Cheetah People generally wore leather and trophies from their hunts, using horses as mounts. They had the ability to teleport from planet to planet, but they can only bring back prey to their homeworld. Similarly, they must have a link to a world, inthe form of an inhabitant of that world to return there.
Sturm, R.A., D.L. Duffy, Z.Z. Zhao, F.P.N. Leite, M.S. Stark, N.K. Hayward, N.G. Martin, & G.W. Montgomery. (2008). A single SNP in an evolutionary conserved region within intron 86 of the HERC2 gene determines human blue-brown eye color. The American Journal of Human Genetics, 82, 424-431.
This means that with the 37p increase from the taxman, a 20 pack of tobacco cigarettes is now 85% more expensive than e-cigs.
Foremost among them is the fact that the labels “pro” and “anti” are misleading. While there are people who are anti-enhancement, there are very few (if any) people who are unqualifiedly pro-enhancement. Instead, there are people who are anti-anti-enhancement, i.e. who believe enhancement is permissible, or sometimes okay. Continuing with the absolutist “pro” and “anti” labelling leads to a perpetual slaying of straw men.
4) It is NOT religious. Prayer is very casual, as stressed by recruitment guy.
So, Merry Fucking Christmas, children! Welcome to Uncle Franko's blog where we tell the shit like it really is. Approved for your use by The Blog Readability Test algorithm and the half-wits who cobbled that stupid shit together while they were stoned on something truly mind-altering.
It’s Just One Bullet (10)
Mom - Yes, very disgusting.
and pushes them back down the ramp and onto the floor.
5) The Vampires Of Venice
So let’s take a for-instance. Let say you have an application that has to send emails to people who aren’t in your organization. You really want to use a Relay connector to do this. Here’s how you set it up in the EMC:
I love touring. Honestly, that surprised me at first because I’m very much a creature of habit, and it is impossible to be that on the road…but i always manage to find my groove in it, and I can kind of appease both sides of my personality.
Running without a purpose is what I'm pretty much doing right now. I find it odd that I feel that way, but I've been training for a race since December of last year (until the half a few weeks ago), so it feels like my running has no purpose. When I sit and think about that, it almost sounds depressing, but I actually look at it as a challenge. I've used races and schedules to keep me focused on my workouts for well over a year now. It's time to use myself to stay focused. I think it's going to be an interesting journey...
Stephen Crossley, the defence barrister for Jallat, (Paid for by our tax money I would like to remind you) said Jallat had a traumatic background, moving to the UK in 2009 from Afghanistan as his life was at risk following the deaths of his father and brother. So there we have it: an Islamic asylum seeker from Afghanistan!
The extreme cases will doubtless be like Santorum who will choose and pick their friends by whether or not they use porn (will check and un-friend SIMPLY for watching pron no less . . . ), and further discriminate against porn users by preventing people from viewing or buying ‘porny’ things they like – none of anyone’s business what anyone else does in private or in premises or districts for these purposes with like minded individuals, how can such a law be passed in a democracy? Fundo alert!
1/2 c lightly packed Italian parsley, roughly chopped
30 “Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways,” says the Lord God. “Repent, and turn from all your transgressions, so that iniquity will not be your ruin.”
In a large, deep skillet, heat the quarter cup of olive oil over medium heat. Add the kale stems and cook for two to three minutes, or until they are softened. Add the onion and garlic and sprinkle with a small amount of salt. Then add the water and cook this mixture until the vegetables are thoroughly tender but not mushy, about ten minutes. You will need to stir this mixture as it gets to the end of the cooking time to prevent the vegetables from sticking to the pan.
Me: Well, you just put it in your pocket and take it home with you.
"The man comes, walking toward the north. he bears a sack, the first sack, carrying food and some few implements. A strong, coarse fellow, with a red iron beard, and little scars on face and hands; sites of old wounds - were they gained in toil or fight? Maybe the man has been in prison, and is looking for a place to hide; or a philosopher, maybe, in search of peace.
76. Attend a live, outdoor music night in your town
In the meantime, ponder why you have chosen the conservative or liberal end of the spectrum. Does this exist in harmony with your religious beliefs?
Denyse Schmidt is the latest fabric designer I've been needing a fix of. She designs such lovely prints inspired by heirloom prints and gives them a modern spin. They're perfect for just about every sewing project under the sun. What a better way to feed my addiction than to host a Denyse Schmidt Charm Swap.
Holiday Baggage (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 10 PM
On Tammy’s blog is an interesting post by Maynard. It dovetails nicely with Dymphna’s piece from last night about the decline of the mainline American Protestant churches as evidenced in the their emergent anti-Semitism.
The shells with striking beauty lie
After calling it a day on that small engine, Dayyibu, Abdu and I worked on trying to get a Mitsuba 125cc motorcycle to run. It hadn’t run in a while and doesn’t have a battery. Every motorcycle around here has a kick start in addition to an electric start. We put some gas in the gas tank which Bob thought might have a leak, and Dayyibu tried to start it. It wouldn’t start. He got tired of kick starting it, which is very slow so we tried to run with it. Abdu and I pushed while Dayyibu rode it down a slightly downward sloping section of the grass. I sprayed fuel down the throat of the carburetor and it attempted to start but wasn’t really getting going. Abdu and Dayyibu tried a few more times to get it started going up and down the slope. I told them they were wasting their time and energy doing so but I didn’t mind waiting around for them to get tired out. They eventually gave up and wanted to take a look at the spark plug. We don’t have a spark plug socket, or even a regular deep socket for the size spark plug on the engine so we couldn’t remove it. Most spark plugs are either 13/16 in. or 5/8 in. but this one was 11/16 in. I wasn’t positive the carburetor was getting any fuel to begin with so I disconnected the fuel line to it. Nothing came out. I disconnected the fuel filter and gas started to pour. The fuel filter was clogged. Dayyibu blew through it in both directions to clear it up, I put it back on, and it started up. Voila. We called it a day.
SH: I don't have Asperger's.
I gave him The Tudors, he went off with The Greeks.
but being here is all i can see
The sentiment stamp is from a set by Lili of the Valley.
The tile is pretty new and in good condition, so a nice glossy white coat will make us happy.
This is Jimmy. Jimmy is an old guy from, well, I'm not sure where he's from. What I do know is that he lived in Gilmer, Texas at one point about 30 years ago, and while there managed to weld two stamped steel bathtubs together with hinges to make a grill. How it found its way to Groesbeck I still don't understand, especially with Jimmy drinking Bud Lights one after the other in a Homer Simpson koozie. "You a fan of The Simpsons?" was a question I had to have answered by 80 year old Jimmy from Gilmer. "Hell, I don't know whatcher talkin' 'bout. I prob'bly found that on the side of the road somewheres" was the answer, which is pretty much what I thought it would be.
Much to her shock, Katniss has fueled an unrest she's afraid she cannot stop. And what scares her even more is that she's not entirely convinced she should try. As time draws near for Katniss and Peeta to visit the districts on the Capitol's cruel Victory Tour, the stakes are higher than ever. If they can't prove, without a shadow of a doubt, that they are lost in their love for each other, the consequences will be horrifying.
Blood of the Beasts
Well it's been a while ! I am not dead :)
Love it? then buy it!
*This recipe makes a good amount of barbecue. We had plenty for dinner, then I put a pound in the fridge to eat as leftovers and I froze about 3 pounds in two packages for later. It freezes well!
Add cake flour to batter, alternating with sour cream. Once combined, stop mixer. Add in cup of boiling water and stir by hand to combine. Fill cupcake liners 3/4 way full and bake at 350 degrees for about 20 minutes. Cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch. Set aside to cool.
Jake Waldron's creatures....
P.S. If you haven't yet, please check out my other blog Bubble Tea With Misha Lee . And also, thanks to everyone who clicked on the first box I have to the right. Thank you for helping to raise funds for a cause that I really care about. Wishing you guys good karma times 10! Mwah!
Baruch Ha Shem! Blessed be the Name!
We’ll have to watch GTX 670 availability over the next few weeks and see what develops.
Dear Jeff,
But, just like the caterpillar to a butterfly, it's a process.
Saison is one of my favorite styles and I was excited to try what Scott Vaccaro and his team were able to do. I want to say that this is Captain Lawrence’s summer seasonal but wasn’t able to find any information on their site. I was also unable to find out what the alcohol percentage was but it didn’t seem to be too high (maybe around 6%)
From a sinful act committed twice, one may cleanse one’s self by vowing never to commit it again.
“The Caton team has helped me find my perfect condo within a month of looking! And then later found me great tenants to rent it out. They work quickly and are very professional. Plus, these are just a pair of wonderful women to be around. They are very trustworthy and have their Clients’ best interest in mind. I will be using them again for all my real estate needs, and I recommend them to everyone else! Thank you so much!”
On a similar end of the argument, I recently spent over $100 on PC games during Steam’s summer sale. Games were anywhere from 50%-90% off. Companies like Codemasters, Lucas Arts, Sidhe, Atari, PoGo, Infinite Interactive, Bioware, and so many more received money from me, no matter how little, that they would NEVER have gotten. Why? Because the games were affordable. There was a value to me.
“We saw very targeted, almost punitive take-aways from the African-American and Arab-American groups by those who listened to the radical white power rock,” Knobloch-Westerwick said.''
Some more stuff involving the bad guys, Scarface gets introduced and is shown interrogating the man in a manner which further depicts the ‘bad’ guys in a multi-dimensional manner, with complex motives and a sense of morality.
How did the immigrant feel about this quaint Victorian bit of our culture? They continually tried to burn it down. The 1997 attempt didn't quite succeed but they persevered and finally achieved the desired result. Within the year the Spanish landlady decided she'd had enough. Young's Brewery, who owned the place, decided it had become a liability. Burning a pub down is against the law.
that problem. He is quoted as saying he wrote one page of masterpiece to ninety-one pages of shit and that he aimed to put the shit in the wastebasket. I’m thinking the toilet would have been preferable.
Adoption is...
For lunch I'd set up a buffet table full of simple, delicious food. We'd have fresh-baked bread and creamy butter, cold meats and cheeses and salad, lots of fresh fruit: crunchy apples, juicy cherries, plums and berries, served with whipped cream. In memory of Gollum, we'll serve sushi, and for those with elven tastebuds I'll try to recreate lembas bread with one of the many recipes available online. Finally, there will be a big cake, but not a stodgy fruit cake, something tasty and flavoursome. I'm thinking of a spiced pound cake or suchlike. This table would be set up first thing, and available to nibble at throughout the day, for those feeling the need for second breakfast, elevensies, afternoon tea... etc. etc.
i look at the beautiful breath of life that was once held in full by my sweet, dear friend, melissa and i wonder how one soul could yield so much fruit. it was because she chose good soil to sow every Word of God into every situation, major or minor, in her day. each day. every day. in the small moments and the grandeur spaces of time. it is evident in the witness of her friendships across the globe and in every person eternally stirred by her gift of God’s word sown within her very being.
Hadot’s book is, simply put, a potentially life-changing book. While the first two thirds of the book explain how philosophy was a lived practice in the schools of the ancient world, a “choice of life,” the incredible chapter, simply titled “Philosophy and Philosophical Discourse,” brings it all together to show how Ancient Greco-Roman philosophy wasn’t about producing texts, but about showing how life could be lived more fully by means of a series of “spiritual exercises.” What’s so amazing is that despite the fact that Hadot is so historically precise, his description of these exercises is so relevant to the present day, and hold within them the potential for a rebirth of philosophy as lived practice.
The impact this will have on digital marketing and content delivery will be significant. Passive media consumption (i.e. you tell me what I want to watch) has given broadcasters, media creators, and marketers an opportunity to be a little lazy. The fact that people sit through commercials, watch a mediocre television show, or listen to a song they don’t love has been taken for granted. You just have to be interesting enough for me to not want to make the effort to browse for something else. Striving for “just good enough” is not much of an ambitious business model and the “good enough” bar is rising quickly.
And I have a closing today. A wonderful seller and a wonderful buyer. Can't ask for more than that!
Pooped from skating.
I was in The Farmers Market at The Grove a few weeks ago, thinking it was time for a little caffeine pick-me-up when I happened upon a stand I haven't seen before Single Origin LA. It looked good and I noticed they get their beans from a Verve a Santa Cruz, CA company (YAY SC!) so I stepped up to the counter and ordered a double espresso with steamed milk. Simple enough, right?!? The cashier looked at me with trepidation, "Oh, OK, that isn't on our menu and the baristas get mad when I take orders that aren't on the menu"... I looked at the cashier with shock and aw on my face, this was just about the easiest order ever... he decided to go for it and put in my "custom" order. So I moved to the side and waited for my brew... when the barista reads the screen, looks at me and says "Why didn't you just order a Macchiato, you know what you ordered is a Macchiato, don't you?" At this point I was not impressed with the 'tude of this place, is to too much to ask in this day and age to not name every coffee drink served? I just want some caffeine and if baristas should know anything it is NOT to mess with people who need coffee! So he goes on making my drink and checks the tab, it turns out my 'off the menu' order saved me $1.50 apparently a premium for naming somthing a Macchiato.
* several books she's reading
Those are the messages it carries for me, anyway. Of course there is no reason to assume that that's what it succeeds in communicating to anyone else.
He's only on site for 15 minutes and beginning to interview Breene.
BONG! BONG! Great Tom started to sound the hour of midnight from the south-west tower of St Paul’s. As the last chime echoed into stillness, the animals bowed their heads, knelt, worshipped. Glorianna too slipped forward onto her knees. It was physically impossible for her to do so now, in her weakened state, so she must be dreaming, she thought. But it was a good dream, a dream she didn’t want to end.
But the highlight of the trip has been by far the visit to Titanic Belfast, the brand new exhibition centre and largest tribute in the world to the stricken liner. The building itself was so impressive, made up of 4 bow-shaped sections, each the exact height of the hull of the ship when it was being built. You honestly cannot get enough of a sense of the height until you are right by them.
Rob Jo Star Band, S/T, PommeAlmost perfect quality re-press of this French contribution to 70s garage/psych/rock/experimentation.
Finally, why does this mom feel like she has to babysit this boy? She should send both boys outside and give herself a break! Instead of obsessing unnecessarily about their safety, why not bask in a little sanity while the kids enjoy a walk around the block together?
How did Pigibit5 form?
If you the winner could e-mail you addresses your prizes will be in the mail asap!! Wishing you all a great evning and to those of you who didn't win - I will be hosting a new candy sooooooon!!!
Greyson definitely belongs to the "A-Team" !!!
Sometimes our hearts get broken,
I just finished this novel the other day, and I'm still basking in the afterglow. I'm a little ticked I got it on my Kindle, because while I love the convenience of just grabbing the e-book in an instant, I would love to own the hardcover. I wouldn't call this cover beautiful, or shiny, and I wouldn't squee over it, but I do think it's compelling, and incredibly apt.
Anyway, enough of flattering myself on what a lovely one I caught... indeed.
As to why we have no conclusive photos of this species, Michael suggests that Bigfoot differs from all other animals: This ape is smarter and knows full well that its most lethal enemy is mankind. So it makes sense, he says, that Bigfoot would lay low and keep out of gunshot range. Michael adds, however, that Bigfoot’s curious and wants to know his foe. This would explain the fleeting, distant images that we do see from time to time.
There may be the opportunity for anyone who has a special edition from the first book to reserve the same edition number, if they wish, for volume two.
24.12 is a Saturday, so the regular 1030 workout will be on.
THE HOURGLASS DOOR by Lisa Mangum
January 02, 2011
While a misty, 50-degree day may be good for stomping around the Irish countryside or staying inside with hot tea and a sweater and a good book, it's definitely not playing-the-harp-outdoors weather. Especially not the Lyon & Healy, which I needed to play because the soloist would be singing the Malotte "Lord's Prayer."
I like to think of myself as your normal 18 year old. I shop, I like boys, and I enjoy the company of some of the people at my university. I'm confused and also a bit scared at what the world has to throw at me in the future. I wish it was simple enough to say that I believed I was ready for what may come to me next, but I'm far from it. I haven't had a job in over six months and the money I had stashed away in my bank account is quickly diminishing. My current major is psychology, but who knows if that is what is going to stay stationed at. And as of recently, I've become curious as to if I would ever find someone who cares about me.
Eerie though the cracked streets and crumbling concrete of the old city were, the knowledge that he was alone settled Rel's nerves a bit. Hunger began to tug at his stomach. Stiff as the breeze had been on the hill above the town, the streets of old Vessit funnelled it into a wind that found its way through every piece of clothing Rel had on. Grit stung his eyes and left him spitting the earthy taste from his tongue. The mere act of looking around, trying to spot landmarks remembered from the Clearviewing that had led him here, became a trial.
If you’re a fun and fashionable woman in Cannes, you must reserve a spot on the Luxury, Fashion & Fun Shopping Tours Cannes. From luxe and teen-oriented tours to vintage and high-end tours, you will definitely have a fun afternoon shopping in Cannes and score some great Cannes shopping deals.
For white enamel, paint of any colour, brass, copper, or plate, also furniture of any description, leather or bamboo, take four or five roots, leaves, flowers and tendrils of dandelion and about 3 pints of water. Boil until it becomes brown and about half the quantity.
"Now I know that you're drunk!"
Disc Eight (2007): “Memories”
Some people seem able to find common ground with every single person they come across, and I truly envy that skill. Because so often, with new acquaintances, I find myself running out of anything to talk about very, very quickly. hippie freak that I am, what’s on my radar tends to look pretty different than the things that feature most prominently in many other peoples lives.
We AFFIRM the district court’s denial of Petitioner’s double jeopardy claim. As to Petitioner’s claim of ineffective assistance of counsel, we REVERSE and REMAND for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
11:00am. I was now on a long-distance bus that slowly maneuvered the many miles of capital city sprawl. Destination: the city of Oruro an easy three hours south. I hoped to arrive by 3:30pm in order to catch the train to Uyuni, a dusty town that bordered the world’s largest salt flat. Plenty of time, I thought ignoring the Van Dam movie explosions and gun clicks on the mounted TVs. Soon my world was a Radiolab podcast that comically explored the topic of chance. “What are the odds that somebody somewhere will win the lottery twice?…In Connecticut, employees of a place called Shuttle Meadow Country Club, they won twice. A man in Pennsylvania he won twice a few years later. A California retiree won a Fantasy Five and the Super Lotto in the same day. The odds of that were calculated at 1 in 23.5 trillion.” I fell asleep, cheek against the cold glass, slot machine numbers and the ghost of Butch Cassidy galloping in the distance.
I decide to have a little fun with it and tweet some pro-Scott Brown messages.
Meanwhile, Deputy National Security Advisor John Brennan has incongruously been using Headley as an example of how “successful” the U.S. has been in thwarting terrorism! Brennan made a series of flabbergasting statements during interviews on the Sunday talk shows earlier this month:
Now more desperate than ever to flee the country, the Geckos hijack an RV driven by a pastor and his two children. The pastor is suffering from a crisis of faith since his wife was brutally killed in a random car accident--an act of God, so to speak. The pastor is played to the hilt by Harvey Keitel and is one of my favorite characters in the film. His daughter, Kate, played by Juliette Lewis is near the top, too. A typically rebellious preacher’s kid, she is fascinated by the dangerous Seth.
Oatmeal raisins, cinnamon, milk and walnuts
Friday 10-7
and Strawberry Shortcake.
“Hi girl.” He unlatches the crate.
Before, parents around the land had not known that the disappearance of their children and the mournful, spine chilling scream that arose from the forest each time they did, were due to the monster. This was until seventeen children had gone missing, and after each and every one had been devoured the parents could hear the same soul-wrenching howl that meant the monster had indeed struck again. One of these had been Alice’s own brother, and since then children had been banned from entering the Forest of Lyca, children just like Alice.
Where cake is concerned, I've many a time had to rein in my natural unchecked impulses to make it all pink-iced, frou-frou and over-the-top. Embellished and curlicued to the nth degree, Marie Antoinette-meets-Mardi Gras, all fairy dust and unicorn sprinkles. Hey, I'm a girly girl.
Alrighty, let’s start at the very beginning. A very good place to start… When you read you begin with A-B-C. When you sing you begin with do-re-mi.
Beauty and The Best Of The Rest I know I already mentioned this blog since she was the one to nominate me, but since she is so versatile and writes such fab posts that I have to nominate her as well. Check her blog out!
For this week over at My Paper Craft World..the Cooking With Cricut challenge this week is for National Card & Letter Writing Month. Your project was to make a card for someone or a scrapbook layout including a letter on it. I made a card for a friend..just to say I Miss them. This is a simple card.
Ghosts......Emily over at Telecommuter Talk has a lovely post on the kind of ghost she likes to find in stories she reads. It got me to thinking, because I loved Caspar because he was a friendly ghost and Emily didn't, about the nature of ghosts and what we want in our ghost stories. I write ghost stories too (like Emily), as well as read them voraciously. So, what she wants to know is, do you like your ghosts malevolent, or friendly? Let Emily know.....For myself, I love a ghost story. The scarier the ghost, the creepier the setting, the better the chill and the goose-flesh feeling. It's very difficult to write a good ghost story, and while Emily quotes MR James (I am in the midst of reading a collection of his ghost stories), I myself think The Haunting of Hill House (by Shirley Jackson), The Shining (Stephen King), and The Woman in Black (Susan Hill) are three of the most frightening novels featuring ghosts ever written. They each came close to inducing a real state of fear in me, so much so that I had to keep checking that the doors were locked and no one could get in. Stephen, in the interview above, talks about writing a sequel to The Shining, called Dr Sleep. Danny Torrance, all grown up, and still with the shining. Let me tell you, I don't care if it's in hardcover and weighs 20 pounds, I will find some way to buy it the day it comes out and get it home, and lock myself in my house to get it read uninterrupted. Then there's Joyland, about a serial killer in an amusement park. That one is creepy just to think about! Oh, I can hardly wait! So I have to say Emily is right: malevolent ghosts make the best horror stories.
Another strange title to convey very different information!
3. Make the tofu balls: mush the tofu in your hands until very fine and clumping together. Add spices and hoisin sauce and mix well. Adjust seasonings to taste. Sprinkle the wheat gluten over top and mix in. Form into about 30 balls, not too big.
I don’t even feel like writing any of this down.
And such borrowing becomes problematic if the money isn’t paid back, or if it is, if it’s paid back at less than full value, either due to financial haircuts or inflation.
Anyway (moving on), it was a good conversation to have today because an hour or so later I found myself at our local government office inquiring about what is available for those who weren't able to graduate from high school and want to finish their high school education. Even remedial jobs like janitorial, fast food, etc. require the employee to have completed high school and in most cases they must be working on secondary education to be employed in these jobs.
Have you ever visited another special needs program? What were some of the things that impressed you? What were the things you learned?
Than you who are helpless in such matters.
What started off as another good weekend for McLaren, quickly ended in disaster. Lewis Hamilton put down a fantastic Q3, securing a front row start, less than a second behind Sebastian Vettel. Ultimately, Hamilton’s race was ruined in the pits. Everything that could possibly go wrong, for McLaren in the pits, has happened over the last 3 races. In China, Jenson Button’s hopes for a second victory were squashed, due to a faulty wheel gun. In Bahrain, Hamilton was held up by a wheel nut issue. The prediction, is that in a haste to get Hamilton out quickly, the wheel hub became cross threaded, which affected his second pit stop and ultimately spoiled his race.
One about running into a former student at the post office,
- Easy-to-follow instructions
And sometimes things happen to you
We celebrated last night. Not just a 'hey, let's have a scoop of the Blue Bunny Peanut Butter Panic ice cream in our freezer' deal, but rather a 'let's go get some of the good stuff at our local favorite frozen custard place!' kind of evening!
Today, I hung washing outside for the first time in months! I have fallen prey to the tumble drier to save our house looking and smelling like a laundry for all these cold weeks and now it's warmer, it's so lovely being able to hang it up on the line again. Of course, it started to rain as I did so, but then I just felt smug that we have an ingenious covered line ;)
~ Stories will release in October 2012
What colors do you think will be the "harvest gold" or "mauve" of the future? I guess only time will tell.
Below are the ones I did read.
It wasn’t until I hit the 10K mark (where the first timer was shown) that I realized how well I was actually doing. I hit the 10K mark at 53 min. The shortest I’ve ever run a 10K before was 65 min. So I was doing pretty good. However, it was around this time that I had to change my running style because I was beginning to feel the formation of blisters at the bottom of my feet.
Courtney takes Ben out to a field where she wants to get married, and whodathunkit!, there’s a wedding set up. This was proof that hotness overrides everything. Any other girl does this to a guy and you’d think she was bat shit eat mayonnaise from the jar with a spoon crazy. Courtney? She’s opening up. She compliment fishes him into writing some pretty good vows and then her vows she apparently lifted from Sex and the City, which made sense because they seemed beyond her repertoire of “winning” and “kill shot” and shit like that.
I imagine such a man, during initial introductions of himself to strangers, announcing, “Hi, I’m John Smith, and I am NOT a racist!” Such people should wear a button or tag on their clothing, or wear a sandwich board that declares on both sides, “I am NOT a racist!” This troubled soul seems to believe that when he proves his love and total acceptance of the coloreds, and pointedly rejects all initiatives pertaining to his own white self-interest, he proves his worth as a human being.
Brewed: 08-10-2007
Every time I thought about sitting down to write something here, I would think to myself “Maybe later.” Of course, “Later” never came.Now that I decided to write you all something, I’ve nothing to write about.
Bakers voluntarily mixing folic acid into some breads has reduced the risk of babies being born with neural tube defects including spina bifida, an Otago University study has found.
This should suggest two things. First, conservative arguments that our tax system is too progressive and that we simply can’t solve our problems by raising taxes on the rich are disingenuous at best. If a mere 3% increase can generate $55 billion a year, then returning to the 50% top bracket that the rich enjoyed in the notoriously liberal years of 1982-1986, could easily generate enough revenue to put a massive dent in our fiscal problems. Second, an income tax surcharge could easily finance a robust Job Insurance system with a 5 million job reserve in about three years.
With the fictional "Tomania" and "Bacteria" standing in for Germany and Italy, respectively, The Great Dictator follows the dual lives of Tomania's maniacal dictator, Adenoid Hynkel (Charlie Chaplin), and a Jewish barber (Charlie Chaplin, again) living in a Tomanian (or should we say Tomaniac?) ghetto. Beginning in World War I, the unnamed barber - a bumbling klutz of a soldier - manages to save a Tomanian pilot, Schultz (Reginald Gardiner). After some clowning around and a plane crash, the barber suffers memory loss and spends most of the interwar period in a hospital. When he returns, he finds his neighborhood radically different: it's now a violent, volatile ghetto where stormtroopers regularly harass shopowners and families, threatening them with concentration camps.
After some lunch, the boys went down for naps just a little while ago. I generally keep my rule of "no cleaning during ME time", but for some reason I got the idea to take out all my frustration and anger on the bathrooms. Thursday is bathroom day on the chore chart, so I might as well get it over with while I'm already mad, rather than do it during happy times, right? The harder I scrubbed the less terrible I felt.
No person carrying another nationality, in addition to the nationality of the Syrian Arab Republic, might occupy the office of President of the Republic, Vice-president, Prime Minister, deputy prime ministers, ministers, members of the People’s Assembly or members of the Supreme Constitutional Court.
Since leaving "KD", a quick Google search tells us that Romigh has been working for a Beaver County PA congressman, and for an economic development group based in the suburban Pittsburgh county.
I am ecstatic! Deliriously happy! Eternally grateful! It just means so much to me that people across the nation – perhaps even across the world – are reading and enjoying what I wrote.
Foott knows too well of the special rivalry that is shared between the Swans and the Dogs and it is obviously a big deal, the Swans passionate coach believes it is one of a kind. “I don’t think there are any other clubs in Victoria that share this proximity, success and history like we do with Tyntynder”. He marks the distinct relationship to the long history and the singular road that separates the two football/netball clubs, but also highlights the proximity of the social rooms as a contributing factor to the rivalry.
#134 the song, “Beautiful Things” by Gungor, on my Chemo Cocktail Soundtrack that I run to
o Know (really know) their deeply-held beliefs
Sometimes, it's really hard not to giggle at your child. I try, but sometimes I fail. Cause the drama? The drama is comedy.
between poems, which I can relate to,
put a damper on your day)
One of the empty shells popped out. The other remained stuck in the shotgun’s chamber. Xu Guan flicked it out with a fingernail and replaced the two empty shells with two more like them. Xu Guan had never seen 00 Buckshot before, but he liked its effects at relatively close range. One of the men was still screaming but the other was deathly silent.
Sacred moments, swaddling me close and reassuring me that Christ has come to turn my common days into times of holiness.
That was the most surprising factor when I walked out of theater at the end of "Inception". I asked myself, "THIS was the movie that inspired such nonsense for the last two weeks?" I can understand a more impassioned debate over Charlie Kaufman mind-benders "Synecdoche, New York" or "Eternal Sunshine of the Mind", which even their detractors would admit have emotional content to debate on top of their plot construction. Nolan's film is a trifle by comparison. Its reaches towards depth seem so half-hearted. Much like Robert Fischer at the end of "Inception", most of what I had experienced dissipated from memory. Unfortunately, for Nolan, the inception that there was a truly mind-blowing thought to be found in his movie outside of the plot never took in my mind.
It’s really very simple. Trust in God. Have faith in Jesus. BELIEVE!! I know Jesus lives. I have faith that He is interceding for me with God! I am so grateful for that fact because I have messed up ROYALLY on numerous occasions! Yet, He forgives me, every single time that I ask for forgiveness, He forgives me. He is faithful to answer my prayers.
1) Stone Axe – II
When something bad happens to a character or those he loves, we feel sympathy for him (if the author handles the situation well). In addition to sympathy over Walt Kowalski’s crappy family and his impending loneliness, he has positive traits to compensate for the venom that spills from his mouth every time he speaks: he’s hard-working, brave, loyal, straightforward and kind to his dog.
"Right," Daghdha started off at a quick run, "let’s go bag our share."
I'd been doing so well. I was fine during the whole exam, as she gridded off a map on his back. The panel of allergens was no big deal, just tiny polka dots, cooking under the skin like the last time we did this, bubbling up a reaction, hopefully. Something to make it worth the trip. Something to explain why he couldn't breathe.
Wendy Toliver - The Secret Life of the Teenage Siren
For those of you that are deaf blind mutes that can't read braille because your fingertips were all cut off by a spectacularly accident-prone dentist, the story is quite simply that Terry's being having it away with Bridge's ex-partner.
the following day.
Take a meter reading to determine what your exposure should be. On my camera, I set focus to manual and switch to aperture priority and half press the shutter release. The camera will then display the exposure. Alternatively, you could use a light meter and get your meter reading.
DAVID #1: Bosh! Have some eggnog! See, we could write it so that Cage is the rich businessman with everything. Everything… except a family…
Howdy all. Why do you guys think Jews fight tooth and nail at the drop of a hat when you touch their tender Jewish parts? Because they know they’re fighting for their lives, even if only at the subconscious level. There’s nothing “hysterical” about their behavior at all. They know, at whatever level, what will happen to them if the cat gets out of the bag. Start thinking of Jews as criminals bent on keeping their crimes covered up.
Nothing major has happened to warrant it before anyone asks. Dreams haven't been shattered; I haven't lost any manuscripts in a hard drive failure of doom; not even a rejection email has come my way!
Anushka is fantastic as always and has to be said, looks sensational. Though her role could do with more definition (and length – she needed to be drafted in much sooner!) Anushka powers above it all demonstrating star quality and making her presence felt, as well as doing more than the role demands - which is ideally what Ranveer should have done. The star of the show is undoubtedly Parineeti Chopra who steals nearly every scene she is in as the spoilt Daddy’s girl and carries off the role with such ease and confidence that she is more of an experienced actress than a debutante.
I want to get excited because the leader of the country that I live in is on television to give the nation a speech about new things that he has done – currently in the process of doing and will be doing in the future.
Mom got a new phone, and iPhone and has been playing around with it for like a week now. I have been practically begging my boss to get me one for like 2 years to know avail, but not sure if I want one now…
Loving it, views right out to Christchurch City and the Port Hills in the distance, magical views at night.
Women. Sheesh.
But now all of a sudden they know it was a single guy, where he lived and when he was born.
Plot Summary: In early 14th century in England, a bold and street-smart (actually, dirt, country-road smart) urchin prevails through grit and wit. The main character is small and weak, but she fits the criteria of a hero. Often frightened but never cowed, Alyce knows what she wants: “a full belly, a contented heart, and a place in this world.” Only through fierce determination, trial and hardship does she find a solid footing. Alyce has just about everything against her that could be against her. She’s the lowest creature on a strictly observed social ladder: female, young, homeless, and nameless. She is called “dung beetle” or worse by everyone, is regularly kicked and slapped by her mistress, and suffers much humiliation from local folk. Everybody around Alyce cheats, steals, and abuses those lower than themselves. Societal ranking ensured that everyone is superior to someone, and that someone had better watch out. But Alyce has a more compassionate heart, and when she discovers one lower than herself, a runt of a boy barely 7 years old, she becomes his protector.
Dear Daddy Long-Legs,
(I know "literally" is a very overused word these days, excuse me....)
A major key to giving our children a healthy future will be to pass a strong child nutrition bill. (Applause.) And right now, the reauthorization bill is moving its way through Congress, and fortunately it has bipartisan support. Yay! (Applause.)
March is also a month of birthdays. My mom's was on 5th, Beth's on the 11th, my mother-in-laws on the 12th, my dad's on the 15th, and Mike's was on 30th. It's an expensive month! My mom is easy to buy for - she likes anything that I wear. My dad and Mike are impossible to buy for. What do you buy the men that don't need anything and don't really want anything?
Light. Pure, golden light penetrated through my eyelids. At first, there was wonder. Where had the light come from? Then shrieks and screams came from the dark ones around me. They were screaming a name! I couldn’t understand why they were so afraid. I could almost feel the delicious light as it poured over and around me. It brought a warmth to inner soul as nothing else ever had. With my eyes still closed, I listened as the shrieks and screams died away. I could sense that I was alone…except for the light. Slowly, ever so slowly, I opened my eyes for the second time that night and felt my breath catch in my throat. He was standing there. I recognized Him even though I had never seen Him before. Jesus…
So Saturday rolls around and I head to Zales to see if my ring is ACTUALLY fixed this time. They replaced the diamond but had done nothing to fix the bent wedding band. I was beyond angry at this point and it literally took every ounce of strength in my tiny body to keep myself from going CRAY CRAY on these PEOPLE!
Step 1: Set Carter next to him.
vegetable or canola oil
We had a pepper emergency that morning. We ran out of pepper. You'd think we'd run out of salt by the way SH carried on.
A3 B.M.T. 3:37
I decided to take the plunge with a friend, and did a few quick match games of 2v2. We played four games, and we won one of them. Altogether a better result than I had actually expected, since I was expecting utter failure for everything. After doing some reading I’ve decided to play Protoss for the time being, and my friend was playing Zerg (he also hates himself).
Don't forget - I also have a wide range of the older CC Designs stamps available at bargain prices! Stocks are getting very low on most of the designs, so don't hesitate if there are some you're after! Once they are gone, they won't be coming back!
and who hold fast to my covenant—
And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on. Let me give you one example:
This might just be the end of Extranjera altogether. Or at least the remotely sober-ish, non-biting one.
2. House of Sampoerna
The summits of these mountains were not our objective on this occasion. We crossed the the Esk by teetering over the dry tops of its rapids, thankfully without falling in, and made our way back via a different, high-level path. The mountain tops were free of cloud. The air was sharp and clear and the peaks of the hills that surrounded us stood out in a continuous line, inviting one to walk along it: Scafell, Scafell Pike, Ill Crag, Eskdale Pike, Bowfell, Crinkle Crags. Not today. Walking the "Eskdale Horseshoe" will have to wait -but not for too long, I hope.
*I reserve the right to refuse ads based on products, ad image or copy, or store being featured.
I acquired one of those ridiculously cute sock blocker keychains recently, and decided I'd make it a little sock with my leftover Yarn Pirate from Ishbel (which is blocking as I type this)...it started off swimmingly, but, well, a picture is worth a thousand words...or in this case; five:
V-juice is apparently terrifyingly addictive, as Jason shows major withdrawal symptoms after his second use. Granted, his first use was something like 600 doses, but still it’s only been a few days since he’d never done it before. It’s interesting to me that it had a very different effect on Jason than on Sookie, as though the blood Sookie drank was used up healing her with only a little leftover side-effects.
Here is the recipe for something new I tried this year. It was yummy. ( I added a package of dry ranch mix to the Cream Cheese/Sour cream mixture, and didnt add the celery. IT was YUMMY! Appetizer Wreath
During the drop test we had two main problems concerning the Ribs.
The nose is beautiful; full of rye spice with pickling herbs, very characteristic of a strong rye and very nice. The flavor is doesn't fully follow through with the nose. There is some good spice, but also a bit of soap and a watery quality which dulls the spice. I'd like to try this at a higher alcohol level, which might allow it to retain a bit of the punch from the nose. For now, I'll just enjoy the aromas.
Happy and frosty tuesday morning!
Noon to 11 pm both days
However, we’ve been down this road before, so we will see.
Hereville: How Mirka Got Her Sword by Barry Deutsch
unconsciously soaking in derogatory
One of the things I like about Dr. Chapman – and see very clearly in this book – is that he believes in the power of God, but realizes the choices of man. Yes, you can do everything right – or you can do lots of things right – or you AND your significant other can do lots of things right, but everything doesn’t always work out right. That doesn’t diminish God’s power in any way, or His love for His children. This book continues to encourage Christians to seek God’s will, but constantly reminds the reader(s) that seeking God’s will is a personal choice, and you can’t force anyone else to do so – or even agree with you. It’s real, and about real life, something that is lacking in many “Christian” books.
Requiem (exploring heartache in seven pieces)
My mum helped me to stamp this image, she's called
Also of key importance to the value of this locale is its close proximity to Seoul, the nation’s capital and largest city, Hong Kong, Beijing, Japan, and Australia. We’ll be trying to fit in as many interesting trips as possible.
For me: Im in a much better place. Enjoyin the horizon and not worryin….the punkometer is workin and Im goin on vacation soon.
About Afriforum Jeug.
Thinking on it a bit more, I think I may have figured out what it is that bothers me so much about Scorsese of late. The man has, seemingly, no sense of humor at all - neither about himself, nor about the films he's making. Shutter could have been an awesome opportunity for a sly, tongue-in-cheek dissection of a particular type of psychological thriller, but there was never any doubt that Scorsese would play it absolutely straight.
Luckily, right at that moment, a very nice sales associate came by to see if we needed help with anything. Apparently, she can sniff out the first time parents from a mile away. So, we started to pick her brain about this Britax stroller. First of all, she let us know that the stroller did come in black as well (nothing against red, but it was just not our thing). Then, she let us know that Britax was a great brand and very safe. She said they are best known for the toddler/convertible car seats, but they are now doing infant car seats and strollers too. She said that she had two Britax car seats at home and was very pleased with them. She then showed us how easy the car seat (Britax B-Safe) clicked into the stroller. At this point, we were sold. But, I knew that I had a Babies R Us coupon at home, so we decided to come back later to pull the trigger.
The nationwide Eisenhower interstate system was built to be used as emergency aircraft runways, for example – and it is far too huge to be able to destroy.
This bronzer or blush is gigantic. Really good value for the price!!! I also really like the packaging, it’s sturdy, classic, and laarrggee. lol I really like the matte black and the clear top so you can see the product.
That’s what slipped out of my mouth in a fit of frustration earlier today. My brain likes to invent new statements like this at times. Yesterday and for the week and a half prior, it was “Flaming boogers!”
So I pulled out my cell phone to call her and as I am about to dial he says “Calling me? I’m right here. Did you not see me when you came in? “ (haha! TIGHT) and he added something else but I just thought that was awesome timing. I liked the fact that he also took a risk b/c I could have easily been waiting for my b/f, husband or another man and he still took that risk. I’m sure he had been thinking of probably another approach b/c I kept seeing him eyeing me the whole time and I guess he saw it was the perfect time to do a creative opener on me (taking a risk) obviously b/c I had the look of frustration on my face and b/c I was also waiting for someone. And it worked like a charm! It opened up the door for more conversation and we ended up exchanging numbers (too bad he lived too far away) Oh wells.
Which brings me to the question I get asked every night:
Saturday in our session, Gene ordered us into plank position for far longer than I deemed necessary after two weeks of no class.
The thing is, our wedding is about 5 months away. That’s it. I know a lot of people have at least a year to plan the big day out. So I am feeling kinda flustered with the daunting task of planning a wedding. The $$, the decorations, the venue, guest list, dress, bridal party, etc. I feel sort of lost most of the time.
There are some perks to being a semi-competent driver with a consistently full gas tank. There are also some disadvantages, one of them being these five people always needing a ride:
I was homeless (at least thats what was checked on the census) living at a roach motel. My home life before was bad my dad and step-mom were using serious drugs daily. No one ever slept and my dad had to let me boyfriend move in (mostly for protection). I think that I wanted to be "good" and I would have loved school but when there is partying all night long it is hard to sleep, which makes it hard to go to school.
So here I have today, the recipe to making whole Tilapias the adapted way
These are unsettling questions because they all reek of the foulest miasma a fan can know: the stench of the bandwagon. I can’t imagine a bigger insult to someone who considers himself a fanatic. Am I pretending to be hurt, or am I actually, really, honest-to-god hurt by Reggie Bush’s betrayal? I’m not sure. It could be a mixture. I can’t say I think about it every day outside of a cursory “Wonder how the appeals process will work out?” But I do remember trying not to cry when he accepted his Heisman, talking all the while about Lamar Griffin’s role in helping him succeed in life. Like any kind of pain that’s been with you long enough, I’ve become dependent on that pain. I wish it’s raison d’etre never existed, but it’s there and the fact that it does sometimes really hurt me means something in all of this is genuine, something is real, like holding your hand over a flame long enough to realize you’re alive.
The project would have been California’s first new oil lease in 40 years. It proposed to drill new off Santa Barbara County from an existing platform. But the Governor says he has seen enough, and won’t allow new drilling.
Escaping the pool party with Mary for an hour of successful shopping in Lake Geneva.
Having completed and fully annotated Ehrman’s new book Did Jesus Exist? The Historical Argument for Jesus of Nazareth (Harper 2012), I can officially say it is filled with factual errors, logical fallacies, and badly worded arguments. Moreover, it completely fails at its one explicit task: to effectively critique the arguments for Jesus being a mythical person. Lousy with errors and failing even at the one useful thing it could have done, this is not a book I can recommend.
nor hope, nor faith, nor long-standing grief,
That said, there are side effects (again thankfully not much for me so far), and some are a little counter intuitive such as low t causes moobs but so does treatment (?&@?), acne (definitely a little worse), fluid retention (possibly) and being sore at the implant site for about a week each time.
We will not forget to pray, to give, to care.
The final step was to through the whole quilt through the washing machine and tumble dryer. The cotton batting shrinks by about 3% and it is what gives the quilt the bumpy old puckered look of an old quilt. If this isn't the look you want then the batting can be pre-washed first.
"Candida! sit sit sit come come come come, sit." What??
There are two pronounced flavors in this beer, candy and spice. The initial impression is of sugar--it's perhaps the sweetest beer I've ever tasted. Candy sweet, though, not thick and malty like a barley wine. It is fairly effervescent, and I also get a cola note, which makes the whole affair taste, at first blush, like a Pepsi. But then the hopping comes in, and pretty robustly. It's peppery-spicy, and it doesn't balance the cola so much as draw your attention away from it. The finish remains sweet, but the hops do stay with you.
Yet the BBC is more than happy to give this sort of nonsense wider coverage, stirring up further animosity on both sides whilst pretending to be neutral. It still only has the picture of his bruised and scratched wrists to confirm 'abuse' - but that is what happens when you struggle in speedcuffs, standard issue to all police in the UK. They are designed to hurt the more you move and keep you still.
9If my heart went after another man’s wife, or if I was waiting secretly at my neighbour’s door;
2. Change – allows me to continue
While it is not required to use Our Daily Bread Designs images and sentiments on your creations, we would love to see them if you have them! As a way of recognizing those who do use Our Daily Bread Designs stamps, we will again be choosing 1 to 2 creations to spotlight for our Shining the Light Award. In order to qualify for this award, however, you must use Our Daily Bread stamps and have your submission added to Mr. Linky by Friday, May 4th at 8 a.m. EST. If you upload your creations to Splitcoast Stampers or any other online gallery, please use the keyword ODBDSLC106. When creating your posts on blogs please include a link to our challenge.
The BJP’s distance from Mr Laxman was made obvious with prominent party leaders staying away from court. Mr Laxman’s daughter was the only member from his family who turned up in court.
Have you ever tried a BB cream? What do you think about it? Let me know!
Later, I lay out sheets of tissue paper and have students choose a color to wrap their mom's gift in. I help them wrap and tape. While I'm helping students wrap, they are also making a gift tag. I cut out small rectangles and put out markers for my kiddos to use. I was afraid they would go way overboard decorating the tags, especially since they were using markers, but they did an excellent job! The tags turned out adorably! After hole-punching the tag, I begin to create a bow (ours were made with yarn). Before I tie it, I add the tag, and wa-la!
Last day in Alaska. Got up fine. It appeared that Venkad with Gaelle and V spent most of the night in the van drinking (at some point a hostel worker asked us to move from the basement kitchen because some late arrivals needed space to sleep). We just had a couple of hours to get last minute souvenirs. We visited the salmon river next to the Ulu factory store. For some reason the salmon run this year was pretty thin. Then visited the market which was quite deserted. Perhaps due to intermittent rain. But worst of all there were no Russian dumplings or pirogi there, at all. There were lots of Asian food and regular fairs. So I just got the GAAR pin (why is that park doesn’t have a magnet?) and some chocolate. That was all.
Marbled Stains is the technique to be used for the challenge, which can be found on page 46. If you haven't got your copy of Tim's book, buy it from us the postage is now only £1.49.
79Before true passion all those views remove,
Annie- Annie is still trying to make her bags happen. They’re not going to happen.
What a drama. I collected you from after school club today, you now go Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. I have a new client so need those extra hours. You have a meal at about 5.30pm when you go, followed by dessert. Today you asked if you could have a sandwich once I collected you at 5.45pm. I said no, you had just eaten and I was about to cook dinner.
Peregrine falcons are wild birds; they choose their own nesting sites. They chose to nest on the ledge of the Newton building and were first discovered when the University was investigating building work. Later, when the university carried out the refurbishment, they provided the nestbox to allow the peregrines to continue to breed undisturbed – and to ensure the university and their contractors did not break the law.
or, why I still haven't published my book, and why I'm not on Facebook. And a bunch of other stuff.
You growing up, completely terrifies me. What am I to do now? I never realized how much of myself I sacrificed until tonight. I don't even know what I want anymore. I know I should be glad that I can go shopping without dragging you through the store having a hysterics fit over a ninja turtle, I know I should be happy that if I am exhausted, I can just take a nap without having to also convince you that you are tired and to lay down with me, I can take calls without you screaming in the background, I can have a drink without you drinking out of it and getting chunks of food in it, and I can go to the bathroom without you pounding on the door, but for some insane reason..I don't care about any of that. I am going to be lonely. It's going to be so quiet. I am crying again.
From left to right, the symbols I decided on are "mountain trail"," river", and "good life"...yeah, that sums up my love for the mountains, hiking, and rock hunting...great memories! So I drew these symbols on my silver discs. But first to prepare the discs - I used steel wool (000 or was it 0000...just use the all 0...ha!) to remove any possible coating on the discs and washed them with soap and water. Use a permanent paint marker to draw your desired design and let it dry.
But first some administrative stuff for the would-be sightseer to Machu Picchu. The closest city to the ruins is the village of Machu Picchu. As this similarity of monikers tends to confuse some people, this little hamlet goes by another name: Aguas Calientes. This is where you must go to board the bus that will take you to the Lost City of the Incas.
Q Which payment mode is available to an online applicant?
Marston, Thompson & Evershed, Plc. Oyster Stout
So many times God’s love is right under our noses, or right in the midst of difficult circumstances, and when we take time to notice, it lifts our spirits and gives us hope. I would have missed the heart-shaped puddles if I had not taken a moment to look up, look ahead, and see what God had put in my path. And, if I had missed the puddles, I probably would not have noticed the other blessings around me in nature. Spiritually, we need to be on the lookout for unexpected reminders of His faithful love to us, and let them bring a smile to our souls in spite of the circumstances around us. Let one blessing lead to another, and thank Him for each one—even heart-shaped puddles!
Sometimes I’d come home to find a small gift on the kitchen counter. Or a note would be left there, letting me know someone had borrowed a book or a garden tool.
while at the same time, viewing this woman, one of the heros of my world........
James Twyman (Producer / Director) is a singer/songwriter and the author of “Emissary of Love-The Psychic Children Speak” and “Messages from Thomas: Raising Psychic Children.” James wrote and was the Executive Producer for the movie INDIGO which premiered in January 2005.
Commander Shaun Sawyer of Scotland Yard’s counterterrorism command gave the okay to Muslim extremists when he told the Muslim Safety Forum that security services would investigate “far right” groups who could be planning a terrorist “spectacular” to stoke up racial tensions,” he said.
I should just be grateful that I have a job to go back to.
This is my last mid-west show and then I'm back to Florida tonight. Thursday, I'm heading to Vancouver, Washington, but I have an insane amount of work to get completed before I head west. It's going to be a busy summer.
Visit thier website to see all thier different styles/designs, and you might wanna be smart and order ahead for Christmas!!www.zipzshoes.com
And I don’t think I’m the only one feeling like this. Several of my friends have hit a “Quarter-Life Crisis,” if you will, where they feel like they need to be doing something great but just don’t know what. Is society to blame for this in some way? Have young people just been conditioned to feel like they need to have changed the world before the hit 35? Or is youth really about attempting the impossible? I’m not even sure anymore. In any case, when I was feeling my lowest, I saw this comic -
Also, you may want to check out www.sparklebox.co.uk as I put in a suggestion to their site a wee while ago to ask them to make individual word of the day booklets (just like their phonic booklets) and they have listened! They have made about 4 word booklets so far, and the activities compliment my own word of the day sheets perfectly, I would probably use them for homework or independent consolidation.
PS...kinda funny that the California Raisin my nephew set on the desk a week ago sat there as cool as could be and watched the video debacle unfold (which you can't watch because Blogger won't upload it.).
This is the mentality of the devil himself for we see in Isaiah 14:14 Satan said, “I will be like the most high.” This is the mentality of the Antichrist for so we read of him in 2 Thessalonians 2:4. “Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God.”
The char siew filling was rather delicious. I used 'rather' and not 'very' simply because the store bought char siew was a little saltish to me. However, the 'sauce' that coated the char siew bits was good, not too sweet, not too saltish. These homemade buns were so good that I finished two when they were still warm. They were great for breakfast too, as I am sure my boys won't feel hungry before the recess bells ring!
Now of course I could easily get a few more inches out of this if I really worked on it. I could have included my giant Norton Anthology of Science Fiction just because it contains "Frozen Journey"; I could have put some DVDs in there (The Gospel According to Philip K Dick, Blade Runner, A Scanner Darkly, etc). I could bring home all of the PKD books from my office, make a tour of various friends' houses, collecting loaned editions; I could've included my complete set of newsletters. Why not include all of my Italo Calvino books because I bought them because they compare PKD to him on the back covers of the Vintage editions? But I keep telling you, I don't have anything to prove here! After all it's not how much Dick you have; it's what you do with it that matters.
To date, the city has spent more than $1.5 billion on the improvements. It’s expected to cost another $445 million to complete the consent decree-related work.
Of course, the one-drop rule operates differently with respect to Hispanics. Black civil rights leaders now want to say that having a single drop of white blood means you are white, not Hispanic. The reason for that is obvious: open-border immigration has made Hispanics the largest minority in America – numerically, if not politically, speaking.
1st update: It does sound like they're not open till 4 PM. Guys...how hard is it to fix a website? You know, I just fixed this one in 40 seconds.
Email: consumer@mayora.co.id
And I don't mind dying, but for the love of you.
Attended the Music in the Schools showcase last night at Backspace, one of the few all-ages venue in Portland, worthy of support for that reason alone. Extra kudos for being a coffee shop that has a pool table, (it has a lot of spin to it, watch out), and there tends to be interesting art on the walls to gaze at and ponder.
Wake me into the
"Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective."
A wash of red dye highlights the blush points on his face as his eyes narrow with anger, “She has not left me! How dare you even say that? Your own daughter-“
Now just one more item of business before we go on to the Feb challenge.
From the opening scene of Adrian Brody's character returning to consciousness while free-falling through sky, to the moment when the closing credits start to roll, this is a movie that never slows down. It's armed human killing machines versus aliens every bit as skilled in the art of killing as they are, but who have the advantage of superior tech and knowledge of the terrain. Unlike the original film and most of the three movie sequels and I-have-no-idea how many Dark Horse comic books (where the Predator aliens even fought Batman at one point), the hunt here takes place on the home-ground of the aliens, so the humans need every bit of skill they can muster.
There was only mummy and Princess at home last night after kakak left for the day, and out of a sudden, Princess came to mummy and hugged mummy... then she whisper "Happy Mothers' Day, Mummy"! Mummy went like 'huh'?
He ends with the statement that in "spite" of Wertham's beliefs, the present generation of children will turn out just as well as the preceding generation, raised before there were comic books.
Reversibility of alcohol-related cognitive function also may be the result of a reorganization of key brain-cell networks. Some researchers have proposed that such reorganization may contribute to the success of alcoholism treatment. Using advanced imaging techniques, Pfefferbaum and colleagues (20) examined the brain activity of cognitively impaired alcoholic participants during a series of tests designed to assess cognitive function. They found that although the alcoholic subjects had abnormal patterns of brain activation, compared with control subjects, they were able to complete the tasks equally well, suggesting that the brain systems in alcoholics can be functionally reorganized so that tasks formerly performed by alcohol-damaged brain systems are shunted to alternative brain systems. This finding-that cognitively impaired alcoholic patients use different brain pathways than unimpaired patients to achieve equivalent outcome-also was suggested in a study of patients in 12-step treatment programs (4). Functional brain reorganization may be particularly advantageous for adolescent alcohol abusers in treatment, because their developing brains are still in the process of establishing nerve-cell networks (21).
and of course,
Looking forward to starting tomorrow!
As they all start to get angry with each other, Kit reminds them that Muffy is a close friend. Muffy walks in, glares at them, and announces that she's going up to her room. After she leaves, everyone else more or less agrees to do the same, figuring that they'll be safe as long as they stay put in their rooms. When only Hal, Kit and Rob remain, Rob says that he plans to find a way into the attic, to watch for the constable. Hal promises to watch the stairs.
Beer menus.
I've loved the characters of Amy and Georgette since the first book in the series, so maybe I was hoping for more in "their story" (Amy gets to be the lead, while Georgette has a small supporting love story). However, I do still love Amy and how she grows out of her awkward wallflower role into a Regency fashionista.
Every time I set out to cook something (usually for two or four people) it ends up making enough to feed the whole street.
–you like rails
I need to raise the bed .. a few feet.
I had to get my crown done this morning. I have a temporary on right now, for a week, and then my permanent comes in. I can't chew on my right side because teeth are little back there and they are afraid it is going to just pop right off. Hope it doesn't tomorrow when I am with the cake people. Can you say embarrassing! Geeshh
Just wanted to quickly pop on and say hello. I'm enjoying a lazy Saturday at home. John and I went to our favorite morning breakfast spot, as we haven't been there in about a year, and had a great breakfast. Now I'm at home doing laundry and I'll do a little grading. Then later we're meeting some friends for bowling and dinner.
Many unwelcome responsibilities fall to you, and though not easy to cope with, you face up to them and fulfill them to the best of your ability, adding to your overall understanding of life and true happiness. You’re cognizant of the additional strength you acquire with each adversity that you conquer. Eventually these adversities become like water rolling off a duck’s back and never try you beyond your endurance. You’re a great humanitarian and show it every chance you get.
In the late 18th century, with the fig leaf of religion shriveling, European intellectuals began to wonder aloud - Who are these rude, uncivilized, aliens who call themselves The Jews? Why do they behave as a nation within a nation? Whatever shall we do with them?
like a violin in its black case.
My card today is a pretty simple card. It only uses two inks and one was just for sponging purposes.
We address Scripture in a number of ways. When our children were younger, we had the ICB Bible on CD (read by kids), we read Bible story books to them, and we talked often about Jesus.
Another Private Intelligence Contractor or PIC is Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), an $8 billion corporation involved in defense, intelligence community, and homeland security contracting. In the words of veteran journalists Donald Barlett and James Steele,
Just today, I was sitting in my class on the romantic revolution in literature, and we were discussing dreams, nightmares, and the subconscious. While giving her opinion, a girl switched between saying “conscious” and “conscience,” as though they are the same thing. They are different words with different meanings.
To those photographers out there who are snickering and think I am weak, go ahead and scorn. I know I am being the stronger person here by choosing to say no, or choosing my family and friends over my work when it calls for it.
Don't care for dainty? Then suit up your child in a crime-fighting suit. Soften up what could be a too-tough look with dark, yet still feminine Abby clip bows. A prominent baby bow also flags the other parents to call her Supergirl instead of Superboy.
Meanwhile US attorney general Eric Holder has rebuffed criticism that intelligence was lost by giving a lawyer and other legal rights to the Nigerian man accused of trying to blow up a US airliner.
We both suffer from
How do you know the person who passed the book on to you?
Warsaw Ghetto (Rap Mix)
The present air-ground-logistics capabilities of the III Marine Expeditionary Force (III MEF), coupled with the USAF air assets at Kadena Air Force Base, are considered to be a critical counterbalance to offset China’s military growth and aggressive pursuit of natural resources in the region. The US military forces in Okinawa and Japan proper have also developed into a humanitarian response force capable of providing rapid assistance to nations in the region that are overwhelmed by natural disasters.
** “doctrine of the motion of the Earth…is contrary to the Holy Scriptures and therefore cannot be defended or held”
I was very responsible and kept my purchases to a minimum (you'll see the goods soon). I did this mainly because I knew that the Spring Expo was taking place in Toronto that same weekend and there were a couple bigger Linden items I was hoping someone would keep an eye out for (and as it ended up......I landed one).
My interest in photography came from taking pictures of my kids ALL the time! I had a camera as a teenager and took pictures all the time. I loved taking pictures of nature’s beauty. Through the years, my mom decided I was a better photographer than she was so she started telling me to bring my camera to certain functions, and she would pay for the prints. Then I became the official photographer for the family. I would take the pictures, and they would make three or four copies of each print. About four years ago my niece got married, and my pictures were almost as good as the official photographer my sister paid to do the wedding. His poses were better. His prints better quality. So my family started urging me to “do something with it!” I didn’t figure I stood a chance, so I did nothing. My uncle got married a few months later and after looking at the pictures of my niece’s wedding that I took, his soon-to-be wife fired her photographer and asked me to do it. I mimicked the poses and such the other photographer had used, and they turned out really well! So, I started studying photography. I went to the library and checked all the books they had and studied them. I went to another library and checked out all their books! Then I started digging around for anything I could find on the Internet. I found several big sites that offered daily tips and lessons straight to your inbox and signed up. I still study photography and still have a lot to learn. I haven’t studied anything since the boys have been out of school for Christmas break, so I have 34 emails to catch up on! I am what they call a self-taught photographer because I have never stepped foot inside a classroom. Photography gave me and still does give me something to do, something to look forward to, a reason to force my body to go when it doesn’t want to go anymore.
Through various stewardship practices, they ensure that the land they live on will continue to flourish and thrive for years to come, providing grazing for their livestock and habitat for countless species of wildlife.
I thought it was so cool of Kara to show us. We went back to the triage room to discuss what to do from there. The issue was that we had no way to really determine when my water had broken. That fact, along with a couple dips in Jack’s heart-rate (which was otherwise nice and strong) caused Kara some concern. She consulted with the doctor the midwives work with at Mercy and told us that she really felt it was
We continue driving and finally after passing through the town of Bushmills we arrive at the Giant’s Causeway. We park the car and walk to the entrance to the park and we are presented with the site of the Causeway diving into the sea.
There isn't much to say other than I'm overflowing with stress and anxiety at the thought of Anatomy and anything that has to do with it.
She asked for several pictures of both Cassie and Savanna . This is one of the pictures of Savanna that I sent to Tina.
I fell in love with cupcakes. Or maybe it was the buttercream? Either way, I'm now completely in love with the idea of these darling, little cakes - deciding on a flavour, combining the ingredients, popping them in the oven, creaming the butter and then having fun decorating. Oh, and the eating part too, of course.
Deep within the confines of my heart, there you lay. My soul is frantically waiting your arrival. The wind does little to sway my thoughts of you. As the earth bends it’s ear to my cries in the night, the waves of love caress my skin. Underneath my satin gown, your touch is felt, my flesh burns with each beat.
Janus Publishing wants the success and satisfaction of their authors to sell them as a publisher; that is admirable, but unfortunately a publisher has to do a little more than that, particularly if they are charging a fee to some of their authors. The bottom line is that while Janus Publishing seems open enough about what they say about publishing with them--it is how little is actually presented and the way it is presented. Perspective authors are going to be more interested in the 90% we do not find out about from Janus at first port of call. If Janus are one of the top author solutions companies with the best deals in England, and there own traditional trade imprint, full brick and mortar store distribution for their author’s books, then they should be shouting it from the rooftops. The fact that they are not is...well…as I said earlier…baffling.
Brian Thomas Cummins, 38, Manasquan, N.J.
This is a bracelet, choker, or bookmark, generally. But I think it can be anything, really.
“No. Usually the medallion can only be used to repel vampires but because you’re wearing it, the demons can sense your angelic blood and it’s drawing them to you. Go to St. Martins and destroy the medallion. I’ll wait for you in front of the cathedral and meet with you after you are finished. Can you be brave for me until then my love?”
#068 Tim Hudson (A's)
When Little A and I started this journey, I claimed it was in part because I wanted to prove people who said I was crazy for hitting the road for two weeks with just a toddler and no one else was crazy. I wanted to know that I could take just about anything as a parent and preserve my sanity.
but what I am, driven and in need.
Robust industrial production
The seedlings and all
(Mark 15:3-5)
A few of these tests I had never gotten done because I hadn’t really hit my 40′s until I got to Sao Paulo. And then, I just put everything off due to the extra hassle of being in a foreign country. I must say, if I knew what was in store for me, I might have pushed it off even further, so it’s better I went in a bit blind.
Gun fondue a bomb.
her seat on the bus, Ida B. Wells-Barnett (1862-1928) fought to end discrimination and the terrible crime of lynching and helped found the NAACP, but became known as a difficult woman for her refusal to compromise and was largely lost in the annals of history.
IT equipment generates heat, heat ignites paper. Or maybe some philistine army of rodents had gnawed through the cabling, like the knights of the Fourth Crusade who looted and burned the Imperial Library of Constantinople in 1204. Or the Mongol invaders who destroyed Baghdad’s House of Wisdom in 1258 – making the waters of the Tigris ‘run black with ink’. Francis remembers being present in 1981 immediately after the Tamil library at Jaffna, Sri Lanka, had been destroyed by the Singalese in a deliberate act of cultural vandalism. He's hoping that the article in which he recorded his impressions is preserved somewhere in the files of the Guardian.
Note 1: I split the 1h Jerry interview on disc 4 into 3 smaller pieces (a-c).
Rather that the usual entrance fees charged for major public attractions, Katy officials announced that they would charge no admission for the well publicized event. Further, they promised that food concession contractors would not be allowed to sell lunches at extortionate prices, and that containers of "fresh Waco water" would be abundant and free. The only fee would be the train fare required to transport the many thousands of spectators to the crash site. Even these fares were offered at bargain rates--none over $5 from anywhere in Texas. As a result, the excursion trains were so packed that some people were obliged to ride on top of the cars for lack of room inside.
So I took a break. And I'm starting to miss blogging. And I don't care about how many followers I have, or whether I have any sponsors, or how many comments I get a day (though every comment does still excite me, no matter how much I tell myself it doesn't matter!) I miss it, and I have some new clothes, and I find that I'm not near as motivated to read others blogs for some reason when I can't show off my own. So here I am again!
Not fair really. I have to stay a mom forever but they didn’t stay children.
They also know you, and know better than to ask you for money.
~ At the equinoxes, the sun appears overhead at noon as seen from Earth’s equator
The Realtor put the SOLD sign up in the front yard yesterday. With the freshly mowed lawn, it is a nice looking yard ornament! Beginning with breakfast at Panera, I spent the whole day in a state of euphoria. I laughed until my sides hurt as Ornery and I sat at the scrapbook garage sale. I don't even remember what he said that got me going, but I can't remember the last time I belly laughed so long and hard. He is a good best friend.
But we must not lose sight of the goal in the end. It is no less than the new humanity in Jesus, which we are to be part and parcel with. And this is nothing less than the process and journey of a lifetime. Into more and more conformity to God’s will in Jesus, which is Jesus-like. As we look forward to the result of God’s good working in all things, in and through Jesus for us and through us for the world.
Professional acting, modeling, TV, commercials, behind-the-scene scenes, romance, friendship, friendly competition and insider secrets
I got a cab and went straight to the valley. I met some randoms on the way in, they became my bestfriends that night-I ended up ditching them after a few more glasses of vodka.
WAR HORSE, music by John Williams
No we are not making candy today (although have you SEEN some of the almond joy recipes floating around the internet these days....mmmmm....).
If I’m going for the pain au chocolat instead of a plain croissant, I want chocolate, and lots of it. The demonstration of French restraint is commendable, but this pastry needs another dollop of chocolate goodness to really put it over the top where it belongs.
High brow lot, my family.
Brett O. Freiman, 29, Roslyn, N.Y.
DVD
He is loving hunting right now, and wants to go hunting soon.
Christmas Day. Veda, wearing an absurd amount of makeup, opens a gift of riding boots from Bert and gets all excited. Mildred hands over her own gift—a rather pretty watch. Veda, of course, can’t even pretend to be happy or grateful or anything. Mildred tries to apologize for not having done better, but the phone rings and Veda goes to answer it—it’s Bert, so Veda launches into a ridiculous gush of enthusiasm for the boots that even Bert realizes must have had some ulterior motive. He gets on the phone with Mildred and she says someone must have tipped Veda off about the piano. Bert swears it wasn’t him and rightly says Veda has absolutely nothing to complain about.
The answer to the question of is largely up to you. Many people like to come up with absurdest answers to the question, turning the strange riddle back on itself. Admitting that you have no idea is, the classic response, and the response given in the original text. However, you should certainly not allow tradition to dictate the answer, as that would spoil all the fun.
Step4
Puget Energy, Inc., Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
VI) Criticisms on the Completion Quality of His Latter Films and His Answer
First up is an amazing card set by Jennifer Roach. I love the bright colors she used on these, so eyecatching!
Italianate styled homes emphasize the vertical and are almost always very elaborately decorated. The cornice line at the roof of an Italianate is notable for wide overhangs and large scrollwork brackets, and the windows are often crowned with ornately carved headers.
"It goes livery even easier that the other. Frankly, it is an ugly red. No point in going any further with it. It was also a bit more difficult to strike than the other one. Did not like! LOL!!"
To begin with, there’s the question of whether there’s labor demand for the college-educated sufficient to cover large numbers of additional graduates. The evidence doesn’t look that good. While those with PhDs, professional degrees, and master’s degrees are genuinely doing well, those with bachelor’s have an unemployment rate 50% higher, and the 25% of graduates with associate degrees have a 7% unemployment rate and below-average wages (college dropouts have even higher unemployment rates and lower wages). These stats are rosy by comparison to the situation facing recent college graduates, who have less work experience to bolster their resumes: 22.4% of them are unemployed.
More lovely flowers, honestly, my house is just full of them now!
So, yes, I'd started to feel the chafe of literary shackles on my wrists -- the need to be beautiful line-by-line, to rely on giving the gift of language while sacrificing story, to create an internal structure of images to support the work instead of deep characterization, etc... All of these good things that had kept me at the page for so very long -- they were oppressive.
I sighed and just left her there. When I tried to remind her about it later, she swore that it never happened.
BM: Well, yeah, they were used as cannon fodder and that was very controversial in Ireland and a lot of people didn’t like it.
I love your blog and also Heart Organizing.
All these preachers doing this means they are under judgment.
9. What are my most prized possessions? Do I hoard anything? Do I have so much of anything that I care little if I must give it away?
-Matt 27:63-64
Women in the legal profession is the final topic of the collection. Cynthia Grant Bowman exposes Blank v Sullivan & Cromwell (1975), a case which is not so well known as it was settled, telling of the activism of law students in the litigation that forced Wall Street law firms to hire women. She uses it as a reminder of the early obstacles that faced women who tried to enter and did enter the legal profession, and to exemplify the role that attitudes rather than rules or ‘official’ practices play in excluding women in the legal profession today. Lastly, Stacy Leeds writes of Unknown Woman, unreported case, an ‘everyday’ case involving domestic violence which illustrates the tensions that confront women in the legal profession, the impact of law on the everyday lives of women, and the chapter brings together many of the themes of the book.
Assume that you referred 5 people to TBA Lounge and those 5 people did the exact same thing down to 5 Generations.
The sheer size of the beast is unexpected to Daniel. He’s heard the stories, of course, everybody’s heard them – but he isn’t prepared for the reality. In truth, he’s always thought the stories a figment of a nation’s imagination. They are, of course, but they are also real.
Yeah, that's me under the jeep. As The Saint I Am Married to and
I was hoping a little "free association" would help bring things a little clarity.
I walked along the track by the river bank, stopping to take another picture of the coal seams rising out of the water. I like to see these signs of the intense pressure that pushed up our gentle hills.
The 1830 Greek Revival townhouse at 23 Washington Square North has not been available for sale for half a century. It can be yours, however, the asking price is $25 million dollars. The size is 8,528 square feet or a cost of $2,931 per square foot. There are only 7 apartments on 5 floors. Do the math and you will see the problem - if this building were converted to units for sale, the cost per apartment including carrying charges would be stratospheric. Many buildings like this will often sell to one individual who will convert it to a single family home.
Gordon Thompson received 11 years for burning down a furniture store where no one was hurt!
Thanks for stopping by today
Time to open a Cloudline Pinot Noir 2008.
7D. Heidegger on Resisting the Demands of Technology – TEL 219
A topic of discussion in my house lately has been the size of a cupcake - I love little cute mini sized ones - perfect for afternoon tea and cocktail functions.
***THIS CONTEST IS CLOSED***
And now I can still do those things.
This is my first real experience with Spanish food, and boy is it wonderful. Very much dependent on a few high quality ingredients and skillful preparation, you don’t see much Spanish food make it to the states. After our meal, we go back to the apartment, and I fall asleep. For a long time. What was supposed to be a nap turned into a 15 hour siesta. Because of this, I suppose dad will have to recap the rest of the day as I was unconscious.
Very cutesy:
As a Catholic (my friend is also Catholic), I approach pain and suffering as an opportunity to be united with Christ. Through His Passion, He gave meaning to suffering, and we can unite our suffering to His, so that our suffering takes on meaning and becomes redemptive. It strikes me as bad form, however, to try to point this out to someone as they are experiencing the pain. The connection should be established before the suffering is entered into. The admonition to “offer it up” is not well received unless the soul has been properly prepared.
Your the lover of my soul
But there's a new kid in town. Rich with colorful detail, amazing animation, witty and clever storytelling, charming characterization, delightful humor throughout and an absolutely lovely story that will entertain children for many, many years - meet Arthur Christmas:
I know many of you probably think I've vanished from the blogging world or hacked by FB. But I've been here, just overwhelmed with no crafty and life. This time of year I think is just cursed for me, I swear. It seems for the last 5 yrs. from Feb. to May nothing goes right for me. Whats that saying when something goes wrong it all goes wrong. I do apologize and everyday, I think, I need to get online and post something and my day just flies by. Just like the other day I started this blog post and started getting wordy and lengthy and just sputtering and whining and thought this is not what i want to post and took a break. Well, I never got back to the post til today. Between phone calls, emails, appts., physical therapy, napping (alot) and sleeping (which during the night not so much hence lots of naps) there just isn't enough productive hours in the day.
It seemed like an eternity that they crouched in the hallway but eventually the horn sounded and the announcement came to return to their classrooms. Once again everyone filed from the building and Gladys tailed behind. She was lost in her thoughts about what had just transpired.
the sick-leave provisions set out by their contract.
Within the first hour of episode one, we stumble upon quite a few other survivors. All of them innocently trying to go about their life in this new world. I didn’t expect to see certain faces so quickly but seeing a couple of the characters from the show/comic really brought the game up to speed. If you’re a massive fan of either then seeing the likes of Glenn and Herschel (before the events of the show/comic) is fun to watch and play through. In a way it’s a bit of sidestory to go alongside what we’ve seen of the characters in other timelines of the series so far.
Happy Gardening 2011 everyone. I have the next two weeks to clean up and get the garden ready for the race, and then we're off to a year #2!!!
Hops were first named for the character of their cones, e.g. Long White, Oval, Long Square Garlick; or by the colour of their bines, e.g. White Bine, Green Bine, Red Bine. (3)
According to the Home Affairs Ministry, two out of every three PR applicants are successful, an astonishingly high success rate for a first world country.
Today the Gina K DT is having a fun blog hop for the NEWEST stamp releases for Gina K including “Stately Flowers 2” by Melanie Muenchinger and “Mountain Wilderness” by Theresa Momber. So make sure to hop around (see list at bottom of post) today and leave comments for your chance to win a Grab Bag filled with stamps!
Today I decided to use the brand new Let Us Begin by Our Daily Bread Designs to make a simple, elegant card. What a wonderful sentiment this is and such a beautiful corner lotus!
Kevin Weiss, CEO of Author Solutions Inc.
I know some people feel Solar and Wind machinery are an eye-sore. In my opinion, when we cut any carbon footprint or harness God’s given power then the world is a better place. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say, and watching the tall, majestic pin-wheels utilize nature’s bounty is an awesome sight to behold.
Stanton and Chabon let Carter remain a Civil War vet, but the wars that will inevitably haunt their film are Iraq and Afghanistan. According to the trailer, if Carter does not defeat his enemy on Mars, that enemy will attack Earth next. It’s a one-sentence summary of George W. Bush’s foreign policy. The war on Mars sounds a lot like the War on Terrorism.
Judge: Attorney Christian you may cross-examine the witness.
Hanke et al. 2009. Basic mechanisms in pinniped vision. Exp Brain Res 199, 299-311.
To conclude: I'm sorry: but once again the New York Times is turning the reality of the issue upside-down.
For the good of the state, the people of Sarawak and the Barisan Nasional performance in the coming GE, it is pertinent that the leaders in PBB who are not aligned with Taib and those of the other BN component parties discuss an alternative state leader vis-a vis Taib.
* If you are interested in funding this start-up team, please contact Don Pentecost visionn2action@yahoo.com . You must have “Interested in Sponsorship” in the subject title, or your email will be deleted without being read. This is U.S. based in the Scottsdale, Arizona area.
Which never yet a living person left.
10-12 large sage leaves, minced
3. I Touched a Rock
Because children are the same as they’ve ever been.
“For a brief time, he converted, and even changed his name to Johnson. But he could not understand such ideas as mercy towards your enemies, or that this man Jesus could wash away a man’s sins.
Raspberry Wheat
So we still need to paint and I have so many more ideas for decorating the space (including revamping the dining setting) but I have to be patient as other things need to be finished off first. I also can't wait for the alfresco deck to be built on the other side of the stacking doors. Good thing it is Winter so don't really want to sit outside as yet but in a couple of months I hope to.
13. Don't Call Me Anymore - 1958
*Self-regulation
Almond topping:
Today the number of people who are giving vegan diets a second look is growing, and nutritionists now believe that a well-thought-out vegan eating plan could be the most healthy way to live for most people.
And two long glasses brimmed with muscatel
But you can't hold your man.
No food: Keep your food and water bottles out of sight. Don’t let your prospects catch you with a mouthful of pizza or water.
Break the fast that your body has experienced while sleeping with a breakfast that will encourage your body to burn fat not store it. That means avoiding all those over processed, high GI cereals out there that cause insulin levels to rise and your fat storing ability to increase and go for a far slower releasing, preferably wholegrain option instead. Ideally, you’ll add some protein too as this helps to increase satiety (feelings of fullness) for longer and will help to slow the rate of emptying from the stomach even further. Great options to go for include:
But you can get lucky on your own terms, by self-pubbing. Or you can get lucky based on the whims and trends of an industry that treats authors poorly, makes lots of bad decisions, and has a terrible profit track record.
Our kids were in some of the pictures, and they were waist high. Now they are as tall (my son taller) then we are.
You can get 28% off on February 29th (20% off my store plus 10% off from TpT: use the code L2P9Y).
This event will take place in the Fellowship Hall at Church of the Saviour. It is a great time to meet the teachers, see the classroom, turn in paperwork, and visit with other families.
Having met some of the guys beforehand on a few occasions, I was overly confident in my approach, and I started celebrating the success of the interview, before I had even conducted it. Although I did have trouble gathering research on them, I was confident that I would be able to use their answers and interaction to fuel the interview.
So is it delusion over King Kenny’s status at Liverpool or is it because they still have pride and dignity over what they have achieved? Either way, if they want to hear any jaw dropping You’ll Never Walk Alone’s before a Champions League clash then they best head up to Celtic because with Dalglish in charge it doesn’t look like that will be happening any time soon.
Borough President Marty Markowitz, the project’s leading political booster, sounded angry and embattled. “Let the word go out,” he insisted, “the overwhelming number of Brooklynites support Atlantic Yards.” That statement got relatively little applause, though other pro-project statements he made generated more applause. “Enough years have already occurred. It’s time to make this happen.”
3 eggs (beat lightly)
I do hope that somewhere along the way, you thought we were genuine friends. That’s what I thought the whole time. I hope that I was the cause of at least one of the things that made you happy or laugh, because I sincerely wanted you to find whatever it was funny and just… laugh.
The Telegraph quote Amnesty,
Right here on the ocean floor
So hear this, and see if it does not make your brain hurt as much as it does mine. I am not lying.
There was a family of five, all extremely large, including two children who appeared to be 3 and 5 years of age. Of course the film held no allure for them so once they'd stuffed their fat little faces with enough sugar to bring on several diabetic seizures they spent the duration of the film running around the theatre, screaming and shouting at each other and their family members. The parents didn't say a word to them, the father sat completely absorbed in the film, staring agape at the screen as he shoved popcorn, crisps and chocolate into his mouth with the regular movement of a robot. He started eating and drinking as soon as he sat down and was still eating when he left. The mother spent most of her time playing and texting with her mobile phone, which she hadn't even bothered to set to silent. The whole film was punctuated with the most annoying beeps and jingles known to man.
Summer has come to the south already. It’s 84 degrees (and snowing back home), everything is green, the sun is out and the scenery is absolutely breathtaking. It makes me long to get out and hike what are sure to be spectacular trails among the hills rising on both sides of the highways. M would have a stroke and gag me for the rest of the trip if I even suggested such a thing. A little over an hour before he needs to be at the customer gives us just enough time for a pit stop at the rest area outside Statesville. I grab the sleeping bag from the truck, and after getting cold drinks, I spread myself out on the green grass (still marvelling at the green everywhere) and M sits at the picnic table with his book. It’s nice to be away from the truck, if only for a brief time. And when he looks down and smiles at me from his perch on the picnic table...yeah this is the way life is supposed to be lived.
Acclaim (£399)
And finally, a very simple, but very different version of this classic Brazilian cocktail:
The big companies have those manuals of policies and procedures for a reason. To borrow a saying, good decisions come from experience and experience comes from bad decisions. The big company is so afraid of someone doing something wrong, they try to write procedures that will eliminate all chances of errors, which means they eliminate all independent thought from the day to day running of the company.
I strung 4 lines across the frame. I tucked the string up under the frame and hot glued it. I would have done this before I put it in the frame but I didn't know exactly what I was going to do until I did it :)
Susan Harris (REP) 7.93% 405
"It's your Manhattan, and there's Central Park."
Perhaps I should expand that point: It may be asked whether the contention that realism -- particularly about human nature -- is basic to conservatism is consistent with my contention here to the effect that respect for the individual and a love of personal liberty is basic to conservatism. Which of the two really is basic -- realism or love of liberty? The simple answer is of course that the two are intimately related. If you are realistic about the evil that people individually and people collectively (i.e. governments) often do to one-another, you will want the individual to be as free from outside attentions as possible. Putting it another way, liberty is what conservatives advocate and realism is why they advocate it.
1 ice block
*Truck Trend Magazine
*UPDATE* For some reason the chosen fundraising site is not allowing people to donate less than $5.00. A new site is will be chosen soon for $1.00 donations. In the meantime, consider giving $5.00! We would only need 2,000 people to give $5.00 each to reach the goal! DONATE HERE! Thanks so much, and God bless!
On May 2, in yet another preliminary parliament session debating the allocation of a 99-strong committee to draft amendments to the constitution, the opposition are objecting the role of the House speaker in this process, as they accuse him to have the power to pre-select 22 non-MP committee candidates (such as academics and NGOs) before the parliament decides on them.
Matlin's statement was more than a little hypocritical. The IBO makes a reasonable case that most of the direct subsidies go to the arena, as the other subsidies would be as-of-right.
Well, another batch is in the fermenter. I had 3 folks stop by to enjoy some beers during the brew. One of them was from New York.
Date: 10th June 2011
Great
This is the Thing in my house.
For just a few minutes of my time, that’s quite a result, if you ask me anyway!
I’m willing to go any length just because of you.
to put into their Easter Basket, but that
1. Approach the first customer you see pushing a cart containing a small baby and a bunch of bananas, and tell him/her “the sky is falling.”
7) Humbled to be able to reveal to my boyfriend's family that they were in all likelihood descended from passengers on the Mayflower – and surprised by all that those two passengers and their ancestors had to go through just to get to the boat!
At the beginning of the Edo period Tokugawa Ieyasu started the first set of seven temples from Temple Kanei-Ji in the Ueno area. During the more peaceful time of the seventh Shogun Yoshimune it turned into more of a festivity and tourism and spread over all of Japan.
I will always love the earlier music from The Beatles.
And maybe even me...
The study, by the department of psychology at Northwestern University in Illinois, suggests that the individualism seen in western nations, and the higher levels of collectivism and family loyalty found in Asian cultures, are caused by differences in the prevalence of particular genes.
i’m a writer but i believe the best things are impossible to write down. they can only be experienced. how do you describe a mushroom trip? how do you describe a relationship that runs so deep that the only way to explain it to yourself is to shake your head and say something under your breath about a previous life? you don’t, you just have a secret handshake with everyone you know who has gone through it too. for me that’s the best and the worst part. it connects you deeply with those people who get it, but it alienates you from the rest.
mainly celebration beers.
So when you hear the thud of the dreaded letter from your beer supplier (detailing the prices you'll have to pay for your beer as of the next delivery thanks to last week's budget) hitting your doorstep and you heart sinks … remember that jolly Kerching!!! sound.
"We hope that by sending them to rehabilitation they will eventually repent." RTWTWhen a sharia madness takes hold of a society, the music usually dies, because mohammed hated music. But what the sharia tyrants in Aceh fail to realize is that once rock 'n roll has touched one's soul, it will never ever die, and kids who rock aren't the type to submit meekly as you try to take away something that can bring a most fundamental joy, because rock has always been for the rebels, the young and the young at heart, and rock and roll will never die. The kids will find a way to undermine you, always. It is a universal truth.
H.C. Bresson is the author of a statement that we can find in the 80% of the signs in the photography forums: “To photograph: it is to put on the same line of sight the head, the eye and the heart.” ... READ MORE
Your whole life can gradually become filled with giving and getting daily strokes but you have to put your self out there. If someone says they don’t have time for you, find someone who does, and copy these people who get what you want, push through the fears and do what they do. There’s no reason not to do this, nothing to do but quit listening to the thoughts stopping you. Everyone who gets what they need does it by ignoring the stopping thoughts. You can too. Experiment with your life, that’s what life is. Play around, take some risks, you’re not out of line, not wrong or sick, you are free, said Kafka, that is why you are lost.
We then arrange for them to come into our office and sign releases and being the payment. She comes in, dressed in a dress so tight that we're happy to see she's not carrying any concealed weapons.
-How do they look this year?
That's why there must be an explicit right to confront forensic evidence and those who come up with it at the level of detail exhibited here, or else an affidavit purporting to interpret evidence becomes precisely as credible as the piece of paper which reads only "Trust us, we're the government." Misreading the graph because somebody was too cheap to use a color printer sounds like a segment out of Reno 911!, except this was a real defendant who a Travis County court tossed in jail over the error. I hope the guy didn't lose his job.
But on Friday and Saturday, a whole lot of babes would make their way to Tahoe from
Maisa: Go jump out the window.
A compelling story of guilty secrets, troubled friendship and burgeoning love. (Summary from Goodreads.com).
Learning new skills is also a piece of cake for these folks. A particular youngster that I know very well excels at playing strategy games like Khet, which is a game in which you shoot lasers at your opponent and you hope not to hit a mirrored piece, which causes the beam to bounce back and hit YOU, and this game, chess. He has had many, many troubles at school with things like impulse control and with learning to write legibly, but he has an unbelievable amount of focus when it comes to playing chess and, I have to say, he’s quite good at it.
feel responsible for succoring the Democrats' various victim-groups also
Also in BHS’s collection are the scrapbooks and autobiography of Henry A. Meyer, “who had a huge impact on Brooklyn, but nobody knows his name,” says Golia. He was a German immigrant who ran for mayor of Brooklyn in 1882, but lost. Through his Germania Real Estate Company, he developed large parts of Flatbush, including Vanderveer Park and south Midwood, turning the farms of such old Dutch families as the Lotts, Cortelyous and Van Wycks into the urban streets we know today. He was also president of the Jamaica Bay Improvement Association, and thought that Jamaica Bay was going to be the next big shipping port of the world. (That didn’t pan out, but it is home to a pretty big airport.)
“Hippie.”
As a promotional gag to get people to the new blog, I started a caption contest. The person who submits the winning caption to the picture at the top of this post (the one with the weird monkey thing) will get a dollar. That's right. $1 American. Cash. Moolah. Out of my own pocket. But to win you have to post a comment over at FLARC (that's kind of the point of the contest).
*1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
“No,” said the officer. “It is the only one in your size.”
you will create a silhouette.
This indicates that psychotherapy and hypnotherapy not only may be effective therapy by themselves but they are almost certainly a beneficial adjunct to other therapies in helping to speed up the recovery process were cut down by half.
We can only hope that the rest of the investigation was done properly and that a competent and suitably qualified forensic crash investigator was called in to investigate the crash. At the time of the crash, JPSA also secured the services of IBF Investigations crash investigator, Stan Bezuidenhout, who has over 30 years’ experience in forensic crash investigation – also for free, but did not manage to offer this to the JMPD due to their ignoring our requests for cooperation on the blood tests issue.
So screw tone. No reasonable person is going to fault you for being angry about racism. Those who do, those who expect you to be not only sweet and calm but to value their feelings over your own are closed-minded jerks. You might want to give them a piece of your mind, but do not fool yourself into thinking you can reason with them: they have already placed themselves beyond reason. (…)
Deryn Mentock I've dabbled in a lot of different mediums; stained glass, pottery, painting, sewing...lots of others. One thing I'd like to try that I've never even dabbled in is lampwork bead making. I love glass work and the colors in lampwork beads are gorgeous. The process, using the torch and glass rods, just looks like fun!
Tomorrow....Indie Bands I can stand.
7. Did the challenges inherent in publishing Bibles contribute to developing a small book with lightweight pages that stays open? Have any dwarsligger Bibles been printed yet, or is there an upper page count that limits such an application?
“They are so clever, calculating and unmistakeably humanlike in their behaviour.”
It's difficult to do 100%. For example, how do you make your own corn chips to go along with your freshly-made pico de gallo? For those food items you must purchase, they give you tips on the healthiest choices. For pasta dishes, they recommend the whole wheat variety.
"Oh...... you mean there are animal faeces in the green bin? Well no wonder they wouldn't pick up."
This morning I woke up to Ellie at 5:55 complaining of a bad dream. After my futile attempt to get us both back to sleep, Kate woke up crying from a wet diaper. I was so tired so I put both girls in my bed with me and tried desperately to sneak 10 more minutes of sleep before greeting my day. The three of us girls lay there in the dark all snuggled up together. Ellie and Kate were holding hands. It was the sweetest moment and it made me think ahead to just a few short years from now when my girls will not be with me all the time, every moment of the day. I want to have the appreciation now, not later. So I just lay there very still and tried to absorb every second of that perfection before both girls were climbing on me, impatiently waiting and whining for one thing or another (although that too is also a blessing in it's own right).
Trayvon, 6-foot-3 and 140 pounds, then reportedly climbed on top of the 250-pound Zimmerman and bashed his head into the sidewalk several times.
carbon dioxide is a weak greenhouse gas, whose only significant absorption band is already saturated at its peak. Basic physics shows it can never have a serious effect on global temperatures and observation of the past shows that it never has had. carbon dioxide is now about 390 parts per million (ppm) in the atmosphere, which is extraordinarily low in the life of the planet, probably dangerously low for the green plants on which we depend.
Two mothers cross paths in the grocery store. And as we have all experienced before, they smile in passing.
They are jammin' and it ain't slammin'
Australia’s manufacturing sector also remains in crisis, with activity data Tuesday showing this area of the economy contracting at speed.
Alexandra Duncan will be doing the next Truth or Dare on Tuesday, May 1. Be sure to leave a question for Alexandra on the Truth/Dare page, because it’s her first one!
Antonia Astori
I've been too busy trying to get caught up with yearly albums to think about it much.
I went online to research water-efficient top-loaders. Consumer Reports gave several of them high ratings (as it had the front-loaders two years ago). But the consumer comments presented a very different picture. Average satisfaction was two stars out of five, and quite a few people were pretty heated in their criticisms.
I'm broken and whole within the same breath
Working in one of the small SVDP clothing stores we own I was witness to a sweet miracle. One afternoon a young mother and her five year old son came into the clothing store I was working alone at. She was a very sweet girl with this cheery voice I can still hear if I stop to listen to it in my mind. Her little boy was bouncing around the store and so excited to see each item we had hung up. Mom was on a mission to find her son some warm winter boots. I helped her find just the perfect pair and offered her to take them to the counter so she could keep looking hands free. At one point the little boy showed his mom a beautiful dress but one you would wear to say a prom. It had lots of pretty bead work on it. She lit up and said oh that is so beautiful and I think I will save up for it and buy it for myself. She held it to herself and twirled around in the mirror. The little boy had to keep touching it and asked his mom why she would not buy it now. She explained she needed to save up for it. Now mind you the dress was priced at $5.00. It had a few flaws on it that had me price it so low. She found the flaws as beauty marks.
Location: Postgraduate Center, 177 Columbia Street
Often in times of worship, we experience God’s gentleness and comfort. But Undone Worshippers experience altogether different meetings with Him… It is only in holy moments, marked by discomfort and soul-searching that we encounter the Lord Almighty in all of His greatness, majesty, and awesome splendor. It is in light of this that we realize our own weakness and can honestly say, like Isaiah, “Woe is me, for I am undone!”
For the hot chile part, I like soup the best. I made the most fantastic soup last night - and I know I say that every time I make soup, but seriously - this was Soup Nazi quality soup. I promised I would blog the recipe, so here it is:
Hope you join in!
Every year I have a slight (read: HUGE. MASSIVE. EPIC.) hissy fit trying to get the perfect photo for our holiday cards. I don't know why, it's just what I do.
In darkness, still, I do recline
Mother’s Day is coming up this weekend and all over our country, mothers are being celebrated. My mother gave me up when I was very small and then I had foster moms for several years. After that, I settled in with a full time mom until I grew up, married and became a mom, myself. Over the years, I’ve known lots of moms. Does that qualify me to write intelligently about them? I don’t know.
Childcare was found to significantly improve development for disadvantaged children. But the ‘lion’s share of the population experienced significant declines in motor-social development and health measures as well as increased behavioural problems’, the study found.
Not everyone gets “asparagus pee.”
- No one. I’ve been in Bogdan’s these last few days. –
Customer care letter editor/writer - 110077704
Brian "Stillwater" Strumke of Stillwater Artisanal Ales)
If he gets his tights on, even backwards, praise him.
With two Halloween layouts done I would normally only have one more to go. But this year I too will need a Halloween layout - I dressed up for the Halloween Chili Cook Off at work. This was my Charlie Chaplin get up! I liked how the costume came out and I love that other than the hat and moustache the costume was put together with things we mostly had at home!
If this is too much, then just buy a few cans of the white frosting. You will need a small amount of blue for the eyes, white for a thin base layer and peach for the skin color (1 drop red: 3 drops yellow).
Details :
“Oh…”
All the guests wore black hooded capes, Harry Potter-esque glasses, and carried wizard wands. We wanted to create the uniform for Wiz Tech, the Wizard Academy seen in the show.
I wish a portion of the rocket develops a life of its own, boomerangs, and slams right into kim jong-un’s fat face!
Now it's time to prepare for Christmas...I'm so not ready!
Acceptance makes people feel understood. The reason we don’t extend acceptance is because we’re afraid it means approval. We’re stingy with approval.
“If you’re walking in, turn on the light,” she barks.
And the Quran thing will just not die. Apparently, any politician who says Islam is a Religion of peace “cannot be trusted.” I’m sorry, what? Jesus Christ! I am so done talking about this. I mean, Done! Doney, Done Done! I have nothing else to say… EXCEPT this!
Lately, I’m very addicted to this 70s song. I’ve been listening to this song for entire month. I used to get bored easily after listening the same song for weeks. But some of the oldies are really good. Old yet still New.
Fly agaric is found across the northern hemisphere and has long been used by mankind for its psychotropic properties. But its use can be dangerous because it also contains toxic substances. Reindeer seem to metabolise these toxic elements without harm, while the main psychoactive constituents remain unmetabolised and are excreted in the urine. Reindeer herders in Europe and Asia long ago learnt to collect the reindeer urine for use as a comparatively safe source of the hallucinogen.
It seems that BD were prepared to concede that they could not have their beer in 30 litre 'key kegs' (lined kegs which mean the beer does not come into contact with any 'extraneous gas'), instead 'reluctantly agreeing' to supply beer in 18 gallon casks.
Are you ready? Here is my
Jesus said,
Anyway, Gyles Brandreth has been an obsessive diary writer since the age of 11, and when I heard he was releasing a book containing the best bits of a 50 year period (1950 - 2000) I was keen to pick it up. It's a huge book, and at 700+ pages this will no doubt take me years to get through, but that doesn't bother me (well, maybe it does a bit!). I'm still wading through the school years at present, and whilst entertaining, I must admit I am secretly desperate for him to hurry up and get famous, so that I can get stuck in to some of the much promised anecdotes and juicy tittle-tattle from his celebrity encounters!
Lisa M. Shafer
In doing research I spent a long time wading through online forums where schizoids and wannabe schizoids hung out comparing their emotional scars. It was fascinating and also a little disturbing to see how important this label was to them. Here’s the rub though, when the new edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) comes out all the personality disorders are going to be reclassified. They won’t disappear but they will be represented dimensionally rather than categorically and I could almost see the panic in some of the entries as if they were saying, “If I’m not a schizoid then who am I?” I exaggerate but I also get it. When I fell ill a while ago and it wasn’t simple depression I was frustrated because I didn’t know how to explain what was wrong with me. Essentially I was suffering from a cluster of symptoms following burnout but I didn’t have a neat buzzword to use. The simple fact is that my particular cocktail of symptoms was unique to me and any form of reductionism would be inaccurate.
Céline: (Eyes starting to water again.) Why are you telling me all this?
Mr Pyne said that it was not unusual for him to socialise with Mr Slipper’s staff in the Speaker’s absence.
+The World Is Full Plankton
You may well ask: what on earth am I doing worrying about legislation being passed on the other side of the Atlantic? (ETA: especially considering how far behind we are in Ireland e.g. abortion isn’t legal Ireland except in extreme circumstances – good point, R!)
Then on Monday last week three men were burnt to death with tyres at Enkanini informal settlement. Only one man, Ncedile Gigi, was identified.
Yesterday I arose determined (like what I did there? I arose--all wordy and shit) to get my moon. I waited impatiently all day. Pacing. Gnashing my teeth. Growling at pictures coming across my facebook feed from all over the freaking world with pictures of MY super moon. Mine, dammitalltohell. Mine! I waited. I kept checking my moon site. I paced. I muttered. I rose my fist to the heavens as storms raged around us (not over us, but around us to the south, to the east) and as cloud cover threatened to frak my super moon night up.
Camilla is beginning her first tour of duty as a crew leader and is expecting a routine three months on the GT Donald Ademu, a gravity tractor ship assigned to change the trajectory of an asteroid. An unexpected development jeopardizes the lives of her and her crew as well as many other people. Camilla and the two others on-board race to find a solution in "Gravity's Pull." I plan to post several blog entries in upcoming weeks talking in more detail about the ePublishing process. For now, I just wanted to share the news that the story is out there to be read and also share the cover art that I developed for the book.
In dance we follow, but allow our eyes to sparkle when the turns come real to our dearest dreams. The dinner we rosily lip with lover’s delight, in tune to softly spoken words of truth. Sensual pleasures enlighten our virgin visage and keep secret to ourselves, lest the world take part. A woman is a child, as a man is a boy. I love both and cherish the day Pope Mary gives flowers to the girl next in line.
GUILD PVP
4.) if money were no object, what would you like to splurge on at this moment?
God made each of us unique. Our calling, our gifting, our talents and our opportunities are all different. When we put on someone else's shoes, no amount of envy, cajoling or faking will move us forward the way we were meant to move forward. (Not to mention that if we've got our feet jammed in there, the person who is meant to wear those shoes can't wear them. )
Of course Apple won't let you do this. You have to break Apple's rules to use Apple's devices in a proper way.
Bryce and I decided that we wanted to stay in and cook dinner together rather than going out. For me personally, going out to a fancy restaurant surrounded by other couples celebrating Valentine's Day, takes away from a bit of the romance and intimacy of the holiday, so I was glad to be staying home. When I arrived at Bryce's he had the table set up!
56. Only knife ah know whah in pumpkin belly. Only after experiencing trials and crises in life can a person’s true self be known.
Let the godly ones exult in glory;
How much morality is there in saving an Ethiopian child from starvation today, for it to survive to a life of brutal circumcision, poverty, hunger, violence and sexual abuse, resulting in another half-dozen such wide-eyed children, with comparably jolly little lives ahead of them? Of course, it might make you feel better, which is a prime reason for so much charity. But that is not good enough.
I have felt a need to make some changes to the way I soap for several reasons and also a need to brand my style more.............................Here is a little of the new 'Lynnz' look that I plan to bring to my new website still in the making!!!!
The beautiful part of Thembi’s dark story is her very emphatic message that God has always been with her, especially when she was afraid at night. She calls herself a “blessed girl” and she is currently working hard to finish her Senior year of high school. Her family continues to live in poverty, but Thembi possesses a calm joyfulness that comes in knowing that God has plans for her and more than that, He is with her each step of the journey.
‘I’m Scottish’ my brother said as he entered the Bulgarian party, ‘what can they possibly teach me about partying?’
Or my "lil second cousins" are now frosh and sophs in high school as well...
They then blew up the underground bases the elites were going to use to hide in when they carried out their nuclear holocaust.
And we’ve been centered in this space that a malach is one who is a messenger, and perhaps you’re asked or you wonder where a soul goes after a presence in this world, and there’s an idea in Judaism that there’s a never-ending cycle, an ayin sof, a place or a time or a moment or a presence without end.
Crowhurst
Sorry I haven't posted all weekend but I've been busy with the start up of my Master's Course. It looks exciting. I've already read two interesting chapters in my textbook. I'm going to have to work on my reading and writing skills along with my students. I know you'll have a thing or two to teach me.
Women, wear heavy eye makeup, tight skinny jeans with high top Nikes, tshirts or dress shirts with a leather jacket. I am not sure if it is because it was slightly chilly, but the seas of people were mostly dominated in women with black pea coats or tan trench coats.
grants and art supplies totaling approximately $12,300. Top prizes include
Those not able to make it out to Manhattan are planning on raiding the West Loop here in Chicago. Should we make the joke? OK... Alright... Since you REALLY want to hear it... Monique Meloche is offering a BUY ONE, GET TWO FREE deal on all the work from Rashid Johnson's latest show.
The colours art totally wrong. Those of you who know the
Not kidding. I cannot make this up. I guess she had turned around from coloring to see that the dining room had filled up and was indeed filled with old people. Of course, many of them had eyes on her because she is young and so adorable. It freaked Emy out to say the least. For the rest of the night she sat in my lap and refused to even walk through the dining room without being carried. She was terrified. I hope she does not carry this fear with her throughout her life like people do with a fear of clowns.
Ok, come and get your copy of this set in the LID Store. They are selling fast! And don't forget to leave comments along your way through the hop today to be eligible for our prizes; a $10 store credit and a Funny Bunnies set!
Still, describing how a stalagtite has fallen from ceiling, knocking down Sir Roderick and piercing his shoulder is much more fun/dramatic/tension building than annoucing "roll for surprise".
1 infusion
Why People Suck Harder Than One Art Supply Store
Go Green this Spring with BizziMommi!
12. Sharing a birthday with McG does nothing to negate how cool he is.
Janice: Queen of the Waves won’t release until spring 2013, so I’ve spent most of my time promoting the other ladies’ books. And I’ll be honest—we’re not really promoting the books. We’re just having fun aboard the Titanic. The “experience” is the vehicle for sales. People are purchasing books because they’re enjoying themselves as they take on the various role(s) from history. And never underestimate the power of an excited reader. The 200 folks aboard this cruise are telling others, who are telling others. . .
Everybody (except my grandfather and Francesca) thought this was hilarious.
What I miss: Do I even need to answer this...Wine.
April 25, 2006 Special Dispatch No.1146
It’s important that you know exactly why you are conducting an interview and which goal(s) you are aiming for. Stay focused on questions and techniques which will achieve them.
Found in, Inc.Com, The Takeaway, The Fine Art of Strategic Leadership, May 2012
Phew, I feel better already :)
Like it?
Randy said he wanted to work things out. He was confused and distraught. We started counseling and embarked on the arduous journey toward healing--one that's difficult to describe in a short blog. It all seems so tidy. We persevered. We made it through, even though it was tough. Yes, there is life and reconciliation possible after adultery. But at what price?
And if you need advice, call up Mrs. Pickle's mom, and I'm sure she'd be happy to dole it out.
For you Yu-Gi-Oh fans, we have started scheduling a couple of times a month for card play. It’s not for a formal tournament, but it’s a time where you can play with your fellow teens for fun! You need to bring your own cards.
The Shattering
A friend of mine mentioned that you can get fabric cuts at Tuesday Morning at insane prices... like the jelly roll I picked up for $4.
Love Gore and a little bit of Glitter this time,
Partnership talks are due to resume tomorrow, as Prakash Ramadhar flies in to talk peace. Look out for more back pedalling and bicycle wining, look out for Ramadhar et al protecting their few remaining positions of power…look out for total surrender to the UNC after 2 weeks of grandcharge that lead to no where.
# Footnotes
GILDA — MUHOLLAND DR. Not only does the amnesiac Rita derive her name from a poster for this movie, but the audition scene where Naomi Watts plays a scene of hatred as if it were a love scene is a clear paraphrase of a similar scene between Glenn Ford and Rita Hyaworth in the classic noir. SUNSET BLVD also seems to inform this film, but in a more diffuse way that’s hard to pinpoint through direct comparisons.
3) Sugarplum Hearts (1789) by Gina Welborn
Alonso Soto, Tiago Pariz – Reuters, 04/18/2012
Christel Swasy, an educator and blogger in Utah, sent me a couple of detailed emails about why Common Core is wrong for Utah. Her blog is here and you can read a lot about CCSS there.
My last year’s resolutions were to be more creative, didn’t really pan out that way lol but here’s to another new year, time to put old habits to rest and take up new better ones. This year I’m not going to put any expectations on myself that I will do this or that, only that I will try to do better, better at life, better at love and better at being, better at everything. Very general but I think it’s doable.
Years ago, a dear pastor's wife, Laurie Swansen, shared with me the concept of "I get to...." I get to empty the dishwasher. I get to change a diaper or pay a bill. In other words, focusing on the privilege and not the burden of our tasks. As a single, working woman at the time, it took years to truly grasp the lesson that I get to fold my husband's socks and attend my son's IEP meetings. I get to encourage pre- and post-adoptive parents through my book. And most recently, I get to meet and promote local business owners through Chester County's Best Kept Secrets Tour.
The anti-monarchist denounced a plan backed by Tory Sir Malcolm Rifkind and Labour’s Jack Straw to rename the tower containing Big Ben the Elizabeth Tower as ‘a load of codswallop’.
Envivio
Supplies: Patterned paper (Authentique Blissful collection) Tags: cream (Unity) beautiful, phrase (Authentique), Stamped images: (Unity/Authentique Co Brand), Buttons: gold and cream (Love to Create online store) Chipboard: (Anna Griffin Fido&FiFi collection) Dies: flowers (Papertray Ink)
Seven Opera Balconies
4. Losing Hold (White, Argent) (5:32)
This was disastrous. With the story out there, what chance did we have of saving the buffet or the Jim Davidson gig? I got my answer as I was firing up the Lagonda.
Unless it has a direct bearing on extraplatonic availability, I don’t think I should have to wear the “Divorced” tag. But that's just me.
Me and real life don’t quite get along that well. People speak a strange language I don’t understand. Friends my age are royally evolving while I’m standing at the same pace since last I am aware of it. Nevertheless, they never fail to ask, seek and preach. And the more they do the more I feel like an outcast.
I too believe God is in this. The scriptures say that God will judge FIRST the household of God. And although VOM did not claim to be a church per se, it did profess to be a ministry based on the concept of doing the work of Jesus Christ. However, what I have noticed is that VOM has taken on certain aspects of an overly large corporation, and that being the case, there is always a danger for the those at the top, in leadership, to not receive personal, spiritual accountability and spiritual guidance from godly wise men.
Mad River (Capitol LP 1968)
So check those moles frequently and slather on the sunblock!! I'm a practice-what-I-preacher now!
Perhaps it is, perhaps it isn't.
Then it occurred to me that a common theme in all those meals was the salad. There was always a salad of some sort, served on a moon shaped plate. We never had the same salad twice, I'm pretty sure, but the point of them was always the same: to provide a crunchy, fresh, almost discreet relief from the fireworks in the main, round, plates. Like the clowns in the circus, coming between the high wire acts.
Eventually, the summer came to an end. My supervisor told me to leave her my business card, and she’d try to find a way to get it to Will without seeming obvious. Turns out, he asked her about me, and she gave him my card. He emailed me, and we ended up having an on and off relationship for the next seven years. Whenever neither of us was involved with anyone else, we’d get together. It’s always good to have a back-up plan!
A stop at Dr. Dog looked like a good time from the outside....and then Houston Bill finally got to see Kitty, Daisy & Lewis. A true family band who needs work on their set-up time. They finally got going 20 minutes late. They were very good, but there's something that weirds me out about family bands.
Then there are the ones I don’t own and haven’t tracked down yet:
Pilsner
Nevertheless, I don’t quite feel that I have reached the core of the matter, still wanting to understand what constitutes, creates a maḍhab rather than just knowing what it is being defined as.
The Little Damn Stunties are pretty well developed. The team has a Minotaur with Break Tackle, 2 Dwarves with Guard, a Centaur with Block and the other Centaur with Block, Break Tackle, and Sure Hands, and one of the three Hobgoblins has block. His team had a spare Hobgoblin and 3 rerolls.
However, the major shareholder in the Hong Kong arm of the Borion Group is not Ngui, but another company called Silvermark Consultants Ltd.
Perhaps the ability to live socially (e.g. combine webs and not kill one-another) lies dormant in many species, as demonstrated by this massive Web fount in Texas. Texas A&M entomologist Allen Dean found most spiders were in the Tetragnathidae family, but he found species from 11 other families in the web, with species including: funnel web weavers, sac spiders, orb weavers, mesh web weavers, wolf spiders, pirate spiders, jumping spiders and long-jawed orb weavers. Three such webs were built in the park that season, and Dean speculate that they emerged from the right conditions of plentiful rains and over-abundant food supplies (4). A report of the incident was written up in the journal Southwestern Entomologist.
Stop by your local shelter and lend a hand. I mopped the floor and washed windows on my first visit. (Please do not tell Karen I am capable of such tasks. She might expect me to do this at home!) If you have skills as a carpenter or electrician make yourself available. Or just stop by to give a dog a walk or a hug. It will do you heart good in more ways than one.
I always like to have a desk calendar at work and have made myself one in the past, but last year I bought one and intended to do the same this year. Unfortunately I never saw one I liked, so a couple of days ago I (somewhat belatedly) decided to make myself one.
He surprised me as he backed away from the gate as I undid the chain---let the gate swing clear and walked through heading for the stable---
Bad Eggs- A weekly post will be published debating the top Bad Eggs of the week.
Butch was an enormous bulldog, and this alley was part of his turf.
Spike Lee tweeted Zimmermans address.
Apple’s Response
Happy Monday everyone - hope your week has got off to a good start and that you're not suffering too much from Monday morning blues. Obviously, I'm full of beans because I'm having a day off, although I have to say that I'm enjoying going to work again these days.
11/07 Boston, MA @ O'Briens
I am a naturally aggressive driver. I drive pedal to the metal, hard and fast. I like to get my destination quickly, and I like to get away from slow, idiotic drivers who are just so dense and ‘safe’ in their little driving bubble. However, this obviously means that I go through quite a bit of petrol each month. Something my hubby hasn’t been too thrilled about seeing as he’s the one who foots the bill…
Another problem is MAS’ method of measuring core inflation: It excludes housing and private transport. Since these are are a major cause of inflation, the method results in optimistic numbers and homeless Singaporeans. It’s like getting lung cancer, but having the doctor congratulate you because hey, apart from your lungs, you’re fine.
Clipper’s (F) Blake Griffin said ”I don’t think I’ve been a part of a game like that ever. It was unbelievable.” Griffin contributed 17 points and 7 rebounds to LA’s efforts Sunday night.
11. Our Love Is Driftin'
I accompanied him to the OR and chatted him up. He seemed like a nice guy. He had a profession, came across as intelligent and had some college behind him, and I believed his story about sitting on a neighbor's porch when he was just randomly shot.
For subjects in the social sciences, though, Intute and the gateways worked much better. On the whole, students and others when searching for resources in the social sciences tend to look for more general subjects. A student might be looking for material on, for example, economics in the Middle East, or political history of Australia, and Intute was quite good at directing them to good quality websites and starting points in such subjects.
My most favorite key in Najib administration is the concept of 1Malaysia. With that, he has developed Government Transformation Plan, Economic Transformatin Plan and most importantly New Economic Model that still uphold the Principles in Constitution of Malaysia but transforming Malaysia to a better nation.
So gone it was and Pat knew it wasn't a dirty robber just because, hmmm let's say he learned a trick from Jericho and employs it at our show. Plus the thing may be worth ten cents and there are no vents. He looked around and then noticed my face looking a little less profound, like I was hiding something on him. I wish Pat was more dim.
This experience was rather nerve racking and I wouldn't want to do it again. The challenge was getting everyone to look and smile at the same time without a photographer making sure that everything was fine. Needless to say, I had more bad pictures of the group then good ones. Now the proofs are off to a professional Photoshop guru and I am out of the equation. Here is my version of our family pictures.
And that rose carved into that tombstone? It is a symbol for Catholics and Eastern Orthodox for the Virgin Mary and also for Christ. The fountain? It is the well-spring of the Water of Life, or of the Christ of St. John 7. The spaceship? It symbolizes the next step in Severian's life.
10. San Diego Museum of Man
“Yes that’s the aftermath,” Connar announced with no introduction. “We shot your escape, and got another chopper out there making a little extra news for us.”
This explains why the ANC have such idiots in their positions of power and influence, the likes of Zuma, Malema, Khomphela and Cele. They are, unfortunately, the best they have! Well, they are the best blacks they have. All the critical positions in government are held by Indians, coloureds or whites, something I am grateful for but which pisses Malema off big time .
So, y'know. No pressure or anything.
What is the parents´role and and the dynamics created between parents-children-teachers?
Mylune keeps Garrosh pressed against her with one arm while grabbing Mortimer again with the other, and pulls the wyvern to her despite its plaintive yelps.
10 Third Eye Foundation - Shot In The Head (2:35)
So, here is a huge rallying cry: GET YOUR DAM ON!
The only sense I can make out of it is a claim that people become more extreme in their views (whatever those views may be) when they think about death. That is a fairly humdrum proposal but does not correspond to how other researchers see the Pyszczynski work. Note this quote about the Pyszczynski work, for instance:
So I rested. Drank hot whiskey (honey, lemon, Jameson, hot water, mug, ahhhh). Slept and slept. Got Tamiflu (that stuff is a miracle).
What if you have neither sons nor daughters? I suppose you eat them all to yourself like the miserable old spinster you are…
My hijab...is an expression of self-respect
because, our culture in impoverished when it comes to forms of
Finally, big Blade Runner fan? Check out this special issue of Journey Planet dedicated to our favorite android termination film. Download here.
I originally posted this true story when I first started blogging, but I don't know if any of you read my site back then. Thought you might enjoy seeing it now.
“Care to play a hand with me?”
In Sew-Along news, our Sew-Along Flickr group is growing fast and if you haven't uploaded a photo of your pattern (if you're not sewing Negroni) and/or fabric please do so in the days ahead. It's great fun to see what people are planning and there's quite a bit of commenting going on too. You don't have to join the group to visit it, of course, just to upload photos and/or comment. If you wish to join, email me (peterlappinnyc at gmail dot com).
We also had other events:
SERIES LINKS:
an adult
For us, trying to find Collin interesting presents is quite a challenge & results in moderate panic starting in July....
I don't think there's any reason to ever respond to a rejection letter, and some agents will even tell you not to, ever, for any reason. That being said, for me personally, it never hurts to hear a polite "thank you" now and then. Most agents use form rejections of some sort or another, and for that reason I see no reason to send a response. In fact, one of the reasons form rejections are used is to help prevent responses to every email we receive.
I was able to get home in time to have a nap, then I cleaned and tidied the house in preparation for my birthday party that night (I admit I did a half-assed job of it and kept the lighting low). The party was awesome, and I got lots of cards, gifts and hugs from my dear, dear friends. The evening ended at 4am, after the last 8 stragglers ordered pizza.
Tuesday, 10 April: Dave Foxon (43), manager of the Umbhaba Lodge near Hazyview, was shot dead in front of his pregnant wife and two children.
Cost: $6 per person
Russian spittle-licking suits them just fine, and hey, Ivan, why don't you buy some of our lovely smack while you're here?
The trees, the air, the slow pace of life, the sheer healthiness of the place – people have a longer lifespan here than anywhere else in Canada.
PM: 1:34, 2600' ~ Green Mt.
I wrote last month that I had asked Dr Whipsnade to invite Paul McCartney to spend some time with my clan in the Congo. I thought that a relaxing sojourn apart from Lady McCartney would refresh Sir Paul’s creative juices and calm his frayed nerves. Little did I expect that my well-intentioned suggestion would have such far-reaching consequences. In all innocence, I had no idea how strained things had become between Paul and Heather. In mitigation, I should point out that Dr Whipsnade went beyond his remit when he visited the McCartney residence. He has since briefed me on the events of that fateful afternoon.
children will be getting out of school early at 1 pm.
In September 2009, we launched the Dwarsligger with 16 titles, and initially we received an overwhelming enthusiasm from consumers. Prior to the launch in the Netherlands, we always included all major retail chains in order for them to be involved in the preparation of the launch. Due to the large enthusiasm we received from the retail chains, we were able to have a distribution of over 95% of all book shops across the Netherlands, which is exceptional.
Here is a contest I found that some may want to enter. My usual finder's fee applies if you win.
Contrast that with me, feelings on my sleeves, hardly able to drive by our first neighborhood without welling up with tears. The willow tree we planted, small and wispy, has long since engulfed the entire back yard with thick and billowing branches. And I can almost smell the baby powder and vanilla of sweet, pastel baby toys still wafting from the windows.
Oh! And I am having a little giveaway over on my business page www.facebook.com/alexandrakellerphotography! If you're in the greater Los Angeles/Ventura county area you might just wanna check it out - you could win a free session! xoxo
Finally, I chose some cardstock stickers with appropriate wording & placed on the page along with a couple of smokey coloured gem stones to finish the page!
Thus Kersten deduces that the tomb of Jesus Christ Himself is in Kashmir!
Even now, I have to shake it off on occasion when it sneaks up on me and attempts to take me over again.
A Chorus of Echoes – A poet with a truly prolific sense of poetry in all words, and some of the deepest thoughts that were ever put to page.
This is the second large-scale publication from 50by70 created by designer Tim Fishlock to celebrate the work of wonderful artists and designers. It's only an edition of 350, so if you want one you better by sharpish!
Now onto my card for today. I made this one for the virtual stamping night on Splitcoaststampers. This was the 5:00 pm challenge hosted by Kelly. She wanted us to create a card with either a chicken or an egg or both.
For all those impatient for me to post something of significance, I wrote this little thingy for you. It’s called Torture.
I’m guessing it will. It has decent numbers for NBC, they like Katims a lot, and it has critical support. Again, I think if Katims could create a show with a stronger premise, Parenthood would be a distant memory for most.
A Guugenheim Partners Company, Topeka, KS
“What bothers my Lord? My Lord must not injure himself, not when his enemies are plotting against him; not when the world is ripe for the taking. ” Syurin said with meek but sincere concern. When he was satisfied that the blood had stopped flowing, he removed the wrapping and dabbed at the wound tenderly. He applied a tincture that he drew from somewhere in those voluminous servant robes of his. It made Mal’haran wince because the tincture stung.
Alright, so the current album is an amalgamation of the past few days. One of those days… you’ve had them I’m sure, when you take a few random snaps but nothing really strikes you enough to make you unload the camera. Plus, your internet is down so you can’t upload anything anyway. Grr.
With Schumacher moving to Ferrari for 1996, Alesi and Berger moved from Ferrari to double champions Benetton. Fourth in the championship with 46 points, Alesi’s best total for any season. There were eight visits to the podium but no wins, although the crazy Monaco Grand Prix was his until wheel bearing problems intervened, AGAIN! Alesi’s relationship with Flavio Briatore was always a strained one and a kamikaze attempt to take the lead from row five at the start of the 1996 Japanese Grand Prix saw him destroy his Benetton B196 on the exit of turn two. Briatore was furious, as it allowed Ferrari in to finish second in the constructors championship and claimed that Alesi had crashed on purpose to help his former team. From that moment on, he was damaged goods at Benetton and 1997 was not much better. At the season opener, Alesi blatantly ignored constant pit calls to come in for fuel and ultimately grounded to a halt, out of petrol. ITV commentator Murray Walker summed up the mood in the Benetton pit during the race, as they looked absolutely furious at Alesi’s refusal to come into the pits. He said; “Oh Jean, you’ve got a major problem when you get back to the pits sunshine.” There were second placed finishes at Montreal, Silverstone and the Nurburgring and another pole position at Monza but Jean’s time was up with Benetton and he jumped ship to Sauber.
Put the meat on the cheesed rolls and add caramelized onions and pepper. Enjoy!
“Mindfulness means paying attention in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment, and non-judgmentally” ~ Jon Kabat-ZinnFor more on mindfulness by Jon Kabat-Zinn I recommend "Toward a Mindful Society" from the Shambala Sun Magazine March 2010.
Day 9 of 100 days of Revision Update
It’s an image that stays with me, in and of itself, but also because it’s made up of such simple elements. Fabien stays in a secure place away from the violence bookending her scenes. Analysis has focused on the fact that it is a war on TV, and that this connects with Butch’s memory and what takes place after. I don’t think it’s necessary for it to be a war for this sequence to work, only a scene of movie violence, for there to be the ominous aspect, not simply as a foreshadowing of violence, but tied in with the idea of the characters in the movie as types. The boxer that has betrayed the kingpin, has been used for conflict in fiction over and over. They are designed not for examination of characters, but for the pleasure of eventual conflict. The violence on TV is, for me, like the sand running out of an hourglass – sooner or later, we expect, we want, the boxer and kingpin to meet. It is inevitable not because of the characters, but the structure itself and the expectations of the structure: violent conflict.
We get there and they don't take credit cards for impound payments!?!?!?!?
6. Serve over your yellow rice and enjoy!
Because I pay someone to do it for me.
i think i'll slip a tom waits cd into the car player...i'll be driving miss daisy at some point today.
Needless to say, the treatment of (non) statutory subject matter at the USPTO is becoming more contentious for practitioners. In Re Nujten, which was argued before the CAFC over seven months ago (!) (to hear an MP3 of the oral arguments, click here), is expected to resolve at least some of the issues regarding 35 U.S.C. 101.
an old recipe
Charming ever so skillfully.
Our first big hill came about the 18-19K mark. I wasn’t sure how well I was doing on my time, and I continued to keep my eyes open for the boyfriend. I wasn’t sure how long he would make it given his ankle, but I was happy for him since I hadn’t seen him at all!
The Three Frogs by Arlene of LMN Tree: "This is an ELA Guided Reading and Writing Unit for Grades 1-2. It includes a complete lesson plan, Word Study, Make and Take Book, Graphic Organizers, Story Sequence Writing Activity, Phonics Worksheet, Writing, Chant and Activities.
Seems that Paoli Dam of Hate Story fame has serious competition in B-town. While the country is abuzz about Paoli’s unabashed and extremely daring act in her bold Bollywood film, the news about Poonam Pandey making a debut in Bollywood crops up.
YAY! I am so proud of myself! When I first created this blog I just used the boring layout that Blogger offered for free but I hated it. I wanted something that had some pizazz. I do not have the money to spend for some computer proficient bloggy designer to get my blog all decked out so I had to make the most of what I had. First and foremost, I had recently read a blog that talked about Scrapblog and how awesome it was. It's a virtual scrapbooking site where slackers like me can make scrapbook pages for free. You can opt to spend money on it if you want but I was able to do some cute stuff without spending a dime. It was super easy. Beth at The Stories from A to Z gives us the scoop on Scrapblog ANNND has a full tutorial if any of you are interested. Pretty sweet :) Little ole me is not in the way of giving instructions on anything.. HA! I had to reference Beth's post like eighty times just to figure out how to use Scrapblog and get it onto my computer.
The water sparkled in golden light
you began the autopsy?
In time we left Utah and went to Denver for nine years then to Reno for two years, before moving here to Wyoming. Gattens had finally put down deep roots and stayed in Utah. Over the years we have shared letters and cards, phone calls and visits. We have laughed together, cried together, shared joys and sorrows, and our love has just grown stronger. To us they ARE family.
And know that in that five-year period that they were working on getting the film made, there have been hundreds if not thousands of independent films that for one reason or another never found an audience or a distributor.
Cut cauliflower into large florets, about two-bite size, and place in a large bowl. Whisk together the flours, salt, oil and water. Drizzle about a third of the batter on the florets and toss. Add another third, toss, and follow with the remaining third of the batter. Toss until the florets are evenly coated.
"No. The rats are ok. This is for me!” She laughed.
It is even more amazing to me to think about this little boy...what is he doing right now? He has no idea what is happening. He has absolutely no clue what we are doing to bring him home to us. No one has told him and he likely wouldn't understand anyway. He just lives his life, one day at a time, losing weight, trying to walk in spite of rickets and scurvy, his eyesight growing a little worse with each day, and believing that his life will always be this way. He has never known anything else. Yet, here we sit, waiting on a document, hoping for some news, praying for things to move as we hope they will...and he doesn't know a thing.
Welcome everyone to the Cardz TV "Mom's The Word" Blog Hop. If you have arrived here from Dana, then your in the right place but if you didn't then you may want to start at the beginning because you don't want to miss what the Cardz TV Design Team has created. But if you get lost along the way I have the HOP line up down below.
to my lilac that traveled all the way from Michigan as a single sprig...
wishing we had more than room left over
pay for muddying our grass
“It's in the early stages right now, we're just going to see what all the partners are willing to contribute,” she said.
If you would like to have the Cutfiles for the individual Dove and Flame - I will be offering them as a freebie in my shop. Just click on the pink 'Shop' button on the right side of the blog to go to my shop.
By the way…this blog writing is great. Just free styling -Stephanie style-with no rhyme nor reason. I love it! I welcome your feedback to: Twitter: @msstephabdullah and stefini200@yahoo.com.
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds Weeping song AUS
My wool friends will need a shore stone in their bottoms!
She’s had implants to stop labour and delivery until she’s finished with the publicity.
And with this I will end this episode of Commonly Drafted Goodies – Alliance shall prevail! Of course there are a few more Alliance allies that aren’t bad at all, but in Throne of the Tides and Crown of Heavens together there are 50 Alliance allies, I can’t do all your hard work and thinking so just go over them and see for yourself.
1/4 cup lemon juice, fresh
I have 3 more canvases and I'm thinking of doing a triple canvas piece, you know the kind that carry over onto the next, like a triplet set. Anyway, I'll post some photos once I decide what to do :)
I rushed over to Del and failed to notice at the time how he kind of backed away as he saw he coming. Then I showed him my tits. Needless to say, he was not impressed, but rather, looked freaked out. I imagine he was thinking, “Now see, this is why I fucking hate being famous. Damn bitches always thrusting their tits in my face.”
Train and Grow
- place the chicken into an roasting dish, scatter the veg around and within, place the thyme inside the cavity, season and then wrap tightly in foil.
The 2 points for a win system would have produced a bronze medal for Japan whilst Hungary slip down 2 places despite winning more games in regulation than both Great Britain and Japan. The Ukraine would still have been regulated but this time only by a point.
I want to grow in love. I want to walk slowly down the hallways with my baby, and engage (the slow-baby-walking actually has down wonders for getting to know people. I can’t rush around to more “important” things, plus babies are the best ice breakers in the world. Period). I think about trying to not glorify whiteness, about shifting my perspectives. I think about learning how to laugh and commiserate, to lend food, to appreciate new thoughts and new music and new styles. Sometimes I think stupid things like “what if I got my ears pierced and then wore big hoops?” or “what if there was like this awesome lady-rapper who threw down beats about social justice?” or “what if I am supposed to be a rapper?” And it is ridiculous. And I laugh, instead of cry, which is what I really want to do when I sit down and stare all this sin in the face.
Mental photographers!
KUALA LUMPUR, April 22 — While Suaram has formally filed a complaint with the French court over the scandalous Scorpene submarine sale to Malaysia, it holds no illusions that those named as witnesses, including Abdul Razak Baginda, will actually step forward to testify.
If they can’t make the payroll for these guys, they’re going to be marching out of their bases with food bowls in their hands, begging for food.
5) How to measure how many people read your report
That's right, Pennsylvanians: not only do you have to buy your booze here in Pennsylvania at the State Store System (under penalty of law), you're now going to have to pay more for it, across the board. As of January 4, every bottle -- wine, liquor, liqueur, wine cooler, and whatever Rock & Rye is -- will be going up in price by 50¢ to $2 (depending on size). What's the reason? Is it a new database for beer registration? More courtesy training? RFID tags so they can track down and kill underage drinkers? (Just kidding; they wouldn't really kill them.)
After seeing a card catalogue in the Iowa State University library in 1882, Thomas B. Wales, the secretary of the Holstein-Friesian Association of America, applied the idea to the 40,000 animals in the Holstein-Friesian Herd Book. He estimated that the number of new cards will double every two years. Noted Edward Tenner (in “From Slip to Chip,” Harvard Magazine, November-December 1990): “Here was a ‘cattle log’ in the truest sense.”
I choose a see through paper quiet stiff for the leaves and coloured that with the pastel pencils as well. Not having a punch for the leaves I hand cut them instead. The colour is a bit light but I will continue making these cheerful flowers till I perfect to a degree.
“Paul speaks of a wish toward good, but power to carry it out is lacking. A stronger power than his was needed. God provided that power through Christ, so that we could find a new kind of relationship with God. Christ gives the power, we appropriate it. It is not anything that we do ourselves, but it is the appropriation of a power that comes from God that saves us from sin and sets us free.” Dick B., Anne Smith’s Journal, page 22
HEATHER KRISTIN, a graduate of The New School, was born and raised in New York City. She studied at the Summer Literary Seminars in Russia and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London. Her work has appeared in Glamour, Kirkus Reviews, the L Magazine, New York Press, West Side Spirit, the Russian St. Petersburg Times, on J.T. Leroy’s website, and in other places. She is a two-time recipient of the SAG and AFTRA personal essay awards and is a mentor at Girls Write Now. Currently, she is working on a memoir about being a homeless child and street performer from Hell’s Kitchen.
Thank you as always for your love, support, and prayers.
Thanks to all the CAMRA volunteers for giving up their time to make this festival happen.
Hiring a Contractor From Craigslist
Because if this works, all of this is going to be TOTALLY worth it.
I love this dress, madly. It was my first Modcloth purchase, and maybe my favorite. I think the print is perfection for spring, but the cool florals work equally well for the winter months, which is a fashion blogger's dream! Also, I like my milkmaid braids much better when I make them looser like this... I'll never go back to my old braid ways.
However, when your child grows up, she will be the one with the choice. If you want her to choose to continue to stick with you then, start being someone she would choose now. Start trusting, start accepting her now. Understand that the only thing you can truly control about your child is your half of your relationship with her. The only person you can control without fail is yourself.
It’s all part of the campaign for “religious equality,” in which atheism and tree worship are considered equal (or superior) to the nation’s founding faith. The only surprise Monday was that the ACLU didn’t immediately object to leaving intact the commandment against adultery.
I do. I was fucking there.
This afternoon I took my layout ouside briefly to get a better photograph. Unfortunately one of these flowers was not stuck down properly and just ble away....
They have also had a strong impact for democracy activism in Burma, forcing some companies to stop supporting the dictatorship, and leading others to forego commercial relationships with it. However, such ordinances were challenged by a business trade group, the National Foreign Trade Council. (We saw that corporations exhibit great unity against activists, and also that they readily engage in litigation!) The NFTC argued that the Burma ordinances (specifically, Massachusetts’ Burma purchasing law) constituted foreign policy, and that only the federal government, which in the present day is beholden to business (i.e., elected officials are beholden, for their campaign funding), has the right to create and enforce such policy.
Instead of receiving Him as their Messiah and entering into a beautiful and perfect Kingdom, as He had promised, they crucified Jesus Christ. Even today orthodox Jews will not acknowledge that Jesus Christ was truly their Messiah.
You know how every class has that one creepy kid that no one likes? The kid who eats paste, likes to play with bugs, says random shit, etc.? That's Fuckle. Except a whole lot worse, I suspect (I refuse to spend time with this Ted Bundy reincarnate shithead of a kid, so I don't know for certain). I mean, the kid has no friends and has been “bullied” by a five-year-old (did I mention he's nine?). The weird kid.
Now that many of us have completed the horrendously difficult Eighth Wave phase of transmuting, integrating and paving the Way out of total Darkness for all interested parties, now we’ve got to learn how to Consciously Create from within ourselves and our High Hearts and BE what we’ve worked so long and hard to accomplish during the past 12-plus years. Now we’ve got to adapt to increasing Source Energies beginning to flow through us, our bodies and brains like it never has before while in physical bodies. Now we’re learning to DO by BEING; to understand by knowing on our own internally and not externally through other Beings, Guides, channels or sources. The Ninth Wave phase is graduation time for many of us Starseeds, Lightbearers, Lightworkers and Wayshowers. Pay attention to whatever you too may need to cast-off and permanently let go of so that you can more easily BE.
So...
The strawberries which I was given by a neighbour failed to fruit last year so on her advice, I am going to replant the little trailers . They are getting well established so I could replant or leave them but I will try the experiment. So remove the crown, snip the runners apart and shallowly plant the little plants. We shall see!
"Situation?" Pevan kept her voice terse, hoping to stave off Notia's inevitable tirade.
Interested parties are asked to respond to the announcement by Aug. 29.
I realise this country’s economy is up the Suwannee and we’re in hock to the IMF, the ECB and anyone else we can wrangle a few shillings out of. Regardless, surely there is a case for tax-relief for childcare at source. Surely it is in this State’s interest to offer me more than €5/day to go out to work, pay taxes, pay PRSI and this new Universal Social Fund Levy, not to mention employ two local childcare businesses; than if I were to stay at home, take my kids out of childcare and claim benefit.
1 Rollo, 164; 186.
casks once we get back on the Last Wednesday schedule.
I submitted a very rough draft of the first chapter of my PhD this week. Most of the work was done last year, but still it feels that I am making progress so now to keep up the momentum.
-Better platform to incorporate advertising.
It was not uncommon for young Jewish girls to be dedicated solely to God from a very young age, having taken a perpetual vow of virginity that would permit marriage, but not sexual relations.
Lately, the crafty-let’s-make-things bug took a big bite out of me, so I’ve started taking on projects. Projects with things that have steps. And have to dry and set and…
People in Thailand who have listened to the speech say they have never heard anything like it.
“Why not?”
is after Sadie has seizures,
DJ kissed the top of her head, “Your son was right. You’re going to ‘out strong’ us all.”
“He wants me back.” She uttered solemnly.
But I know you’re the only one
In response to the inaccurate reporting and outright lies generated by the main stream "controlled" media, the National Socialist Movement is being forced to issue statements and a press releases to set the record straight. It's unfortunate that so called "responsible people" working in the "public trust" will resort to such treachery in the wake of such a tragedy. Here's the text of the email sent to SDelikat@azfamily.com who wrote the above article:
If one is not devotionally inclined the other paths of yoga are good to follow, eventually, one will have a spiritual experience. This will lead one straight to Bhakti, for one will experience and realize something otherwise not known to them before. It matters not which way one goes about it, all paths of yoga merge eventually.
In the title of the thread, Aries described Singaporeans as ‘sb’ , which stands for “Sha Bi” （傻逼) – meaning ‘stupid cunt’ in mainland Chinese slang.
Because it’s a trailer I still don’t know how big Blake is going to be in the film… but I have a feeling that it will be significant and this isn’t just clever editing.
The record has a lot of personality. I'm seriously diggin it. Obnoxious punk crap that was a precursor in some ways to the snotty sound FYP was throwing down in the mid 90's. Shit, I almost hear a little Celtic Frost or Hellhammer sound in there as well but it's probably just them buzzsaw guitars making me think that way because no one would mistake this for Metal. Reminds me a little bit of the band Filth who were gigging in the East Bay around the same time or even Grimple who would be coming down the pike a few years later. I'm not saying T.P.U. was as good as the above mentioned bands but if you're at all familiar with any of the names mentioned above then you'll probably like this record. The jokes about Reagan make this a must have for 80's Hardcore purists. If such a thing exists.
Have a catchphrase, like “thrill me”, or “I’d buy that for a dollar”, because if someone is shooting a documentary about the aftermath, you’ll totally get more screen time. It might be good if you have a theme song too. It’s even better if you wrote it (see: Step 5 - Learn Guitar).
“The political foundation for the military transition strategy is pretty shaky…My fear is that the center will not hold when 2014 arrives. All this technocratic planning on transition and security handover—that whole narrative—depends on there being a political center and a government that’s unified enough, with security forces that aren’t crumbling, to prevent an ethnic-based civil war that’s even worse than the one we have right now”, Steve Coll, 22 Mar 2012
Namely, žito is not a dessert. The door of the family house where slava is celebrated stands open on the day of its patron saint. At the door stands a younger female family member with a bowl of consecrated žito (in a church ritual, žito is blessed and "crossed" with red wine by an Orthodox priest). The visitors will cross themselves in the Byzantine fashion and take one teaspoonful of žito before they proceed into the house.
Eyes (all applied in this order):
Me: "Tell me the truth - do ghosts watch us undress? It's just that, you know, male relatives coming back for a visit...."
I’ve never been any good at holding a grudge, though I have admittedly tried. In the past, I have been more apt to forgive easily. Some would say too easily. The problem was not that I forgave, it was that I also forgot, which meant that I stayed in bad relationships too long, or looked past completely unacceptable behavior, which kept me wide open for hurt after hurt, and certainly to abuse. There is a middle ground, I believe. We can forgive, let go of anger, hurts, and bitterness, and still remember that the behavior and actions were awful, and that we did not deserve that type of treatment. We can then make healthy choices about who we keep in our lives, and who we do not. Keeping anger in our lives is never healthy, nor is holding grudges, yet may people do, to their great detriment.
Soon this blog will carry a warning, ‘You are about to be monitored for reading this blog.
This morning as I marked off my checklist, I realized I was feeling sad. I didn’t get all the laundry and housework done. I didn’t get out and have fun. There were no particularly defining moments that I wanted to etch in my brain. There were no apologies needed for drunken behaviour either. Hell, I didn’t even so much as touch a drop of alcohol (not that it’s important that I do, but hey, it was the weekend and normally I do have a drink or two).
In death with the constant comfort
The presumption in Ankron and De Aldecoa attaches only to land registration cases brought under the provisions of Act No. 926, or more specifically those cases dealing with judicial and administrative confirmation of imperfect titles. The presumption applies to an applicant for judicial or administrative conformation of imperfect title under Act No. 926. It certainly cannot apply to landowners, such as private claimants or their predecessors-in-interest, who failed to avail themselves of the benefits of Act No. 926. As to them, their land remained unclassified and, by virtue of the Regalian doctrine, continued to be owned by the State.
The word “yes” was no longer in my vocab as it was replaced with words like “perhaps”, “I’ll have to see”, “ummm... I think I have something already that night” and my very favourite and over used phrase “I am pretty tired and sore, maybe next time.” My pencil notations in my calendar were often marked with question marks, like “hang out with Charmaine?”, “go to Cathy and David’s for the weekend?”, “Melrose night with Deanna?” I could no longer commit and what is worse is that I didn’t really want too. I played everything by ear, used my parents divorce as an avoidance, missed dinners and parties, clubs and outing. I had in fact excused myself from life. I had in actuality stepped out of my life.
This is when people made of the devil's penile discharge, thousand-year old corpses, lizard sick and Hitler's piss put ads on your phone without asking you.
Ribbon: Renaissance By Design
Fliss - For my card I too have used the adorable new Pretty Sweet CD and have chosen a patchwork effect. I trimmed squares of the gorgeous rosebud paper with pinking shears and added faux stitching. I finished off with the lovely Amelia and her basket of roses cut out with an oval cutter on a pink dotty paper mat and a wired ribbon bow.
The easiest argument is the one that is often used in this case. Perry’s films make money, while Spike’s not as much. Let’s be clear. No one including Spike, can knock Tyler Perry’s hustle. No one does that better. But do you think that Lil’ Wayne is a better emcee than Nas or KRS-One because he sells more downloads? Do you believe that a Big Mac is better than a Ruth Chris sirloin because they sell more volume? The fact is that it is undeniable that Perry is a better business man then Spike, but not a better teacher. Ultimately, when it’s all said and done, if I had to choose what to put in the time capsule for generations of the future to use as a case study of what our generations film making legacy would be, I’ve got to go with the little dude from Brooklyn. I guess that’s the professorial, Obama trait in me, overtaking the hustler, Diddy trait in me. I just think our future would be better off.
I still remember economist, at even places like TDRI, saying how Thaksin populous policies will bankrupt Thailand. The negativity can be summed up, by Suthichai Yoon of the Nation, who said Thaksin populous policies, were “Wet Dreams.” The cynicism reached the level, that Thai economist were saying, the Thaksin “Village Fund,” went mainly for the poor to use for purchasing mobile phones, that Thaksin was selling.
The Japanese residents are not only ingesting mercury by eating dolphin meat. Tim Burns, a SaveJapanDolphins volunteer, have found evidence that ground dolphin meat is also used for fish farming; which means that the toxin is passed down to a fish lower on the mercury scale. A species which is believed to be safe to eat is then most likely highly elevated on the mercury chain. When consuming this fish, the Japanese residents are again exposed to high levels of mercury without even being aware of it.
You know exactly what would happen, there would be an outcry, it would be called “racism”, “imperialism”, “Colonialism” and an outrageous attack on the local culture.
It currently resides in the kitchen, where I think it will stay, depending on how it works when we get a bigger table (soon!) I need your help deciding what colour to paint it. (Leanne, Tara, any other experts?)
Clean in the morning, run errands after lunch
Anyway, i'm back!!! At the moment to be honest I feel ok about how I look. I'm not totally depressed by it. I think i'm in a pretty healthy place. In the main i'm eating well, not over eating and i'm exercising regularly but not to the point of exhaustion. However, I have my Graduation Ball in 4 weeks timeeee!!!!!!!! And I would really love to lose some weight by then. I have my dress. It's a UK size 10. Probably massive to some of you. I would have liked to have been able to get an 8 but hey I'll take a 10!!!! I've had to buy size 14s in the past. I think I would feel a little more confident wearing it and looking back at pictures if I was a bit smaller.
And make no mistake, these decisions have consequences. As Joshua Freeman writes in Working Class New York, New York City in 1945 was a thriving manufacturing hub with over a 2.6 million workers, and a million of them were union members. Together, they built a social democratic city on a foundation of rent control, that oft maligned policy which kept a world capital a working class city for a generation, the best public housing in the country, cheap and comprehensive public mass transit, public hospitals and health services, and some of the best public schools in the world. It was a New Urbanism for its time.
putt all the fruits together in a saucepan, add 1 cup pf water, 3-4 tbsf sugar, a pinch of salt and stew covered for 15 min. You will see it turning jamish in a short time. Add water if it sticks. But you do want a bit of stickiness. It is a jam after all. Keep mashing till you get a jam like consistency.
I’m in my friend’s wedding this weekend, so I’ll be pretty busy, but I’ll try to share something either on Saturday or Sunday.
Let's not be overly romantic here. The founding fathers (and a few founding mothers) of modern advertising were no less interested in making money than today's worldwide fat boys. However, they lived in a different world -- a world in which making money in advertising was a by-product. It came from making good ads.
Waitress: We'll be boo'ing the green knight. So anytime you see the...
The vista’s were breathtaking, especially watching from the back of the train, as the front of the train snaked its way through the mountainside, riding its edges and crossing bridges that connected mountainsides. See a good photo by clicking here.
Finally I did revisit Kilve, Somerset. It is so beautiful here. No accidents this time ~ I managed to stay on my feet! The next and last photo is of the beach ~ you can see the interesting rock formations on the beach:
Your tax dollars will go to those who don't earn and don't pay. In South Africa, organizations that used to have access to state funds such as old age homes, the arts, and veterans' services, are simply abandoned.
Sidepods
1 T butter melted
Reverence for tradition was central to Toryism and to Disraeli's own personality. He wanted his new-style Tory party to embody respect for tradition--wanted it to be new and old, to be a modern setting for ancient gems, a new crown displaying old jewels. This was a popular idea in 19th-century Britain, where "the future" and "the past" were both discovered, simultaneously.... His underlying thought, which defined Disraeli-type Toryism and reshaped conservatism for all time, was that the Conservative party was the national party. Sounds simple and is. But everything else followed. If you understood "national" properly, then (on the one hand) the Tories must be a democratic, "universal," progressive party that cared about the poor and working classes--since the party was national it must care for the whole nation, for all classes. But the Tories must also be a patriotic party that revered ancient traditions and institutions, again inasmuch as they were the national --and therefore honored profoundly the nation's heritage and distinctive character. He put it like this:
Death is at the last. In some sense it is the last of this mortal life; it is the last of our period of trial here below; it is the last of the day of grace; it is the last of the day of mortal sin. The tree falleth when we die, and it sprouteth not again; the house is washed from the foundations and it is built no more if it hath been founded on sin. Death is the end of this present life. And how certain is it to all of us!
NOTE: I had some left over frosting and chocolate. I used the rest of the chocolate to make chocolate covered strawberries. The frosting- was used on graham crackers for the kids. I think this recipe calls for too much frosting and chocolate- but I always find a use for the leftovers.
I have talked to several of my friends about giving an allowance to our children. Opinions vary widely on this subject, which was not something that I had anticipated. Some don't do allowance and don't plan to start. Others give allowance attached to doing chores. We give our son an allowance and also make him do chores without any compensation. I will not tell you that you should give your child an allowance. The decision to give or not give your child an allowance is as individual as you are. I am just giving suggestions for how to give an allowance in a constructive way.
"I was looking for the answer myself and do not own a laundromat myself but, my research shows that an average laundromat which would cost you roughly $150,000 makes a profit of between 25 and 40 thousand dollars annually. Of course you would have to subtract the payments on the loan that you take out to pay for it. But after the loan is paid, I think you can expect to make about 25 to 40 grand and you actually only have to do about 15 hours of work per week if you want it that way.
She has cut all of her molar teeth (painful for all of us) and she's working on 3 of her canine teeth right now (not AS painful, but we have definitely had some bad days)! When she's not cutting teeth, she is the sweetest, happiest little girl you'll ever meet. Also, when she's not cutting teeth, she ADORES Hannah!! I mean seriously adores her!!! She follows her around everywhere, does everything Hannah does and says everything Hannah says. They play so well together! Alice Anne also loves Hannah friends!! She gets so excited to see them and she truly thinks she is just as big as they are!
He tells me later that he threw something away like it is no big deal.
Him: hmmmm...sigh....geeeeze, lemme see...it's a small place so we fill up fast!
Includes - All materials as well as drinks and nibblies are included (Lavazza Coffee is extra at $2 per cup.)
The real dynamic of journalism in liberal democracies is far more complicated, convoluted and nuanced than anything so mind numbingly simplistic as being “bought and paid for” by powerful interests. Fascinating though the topic may be, it is not my intent to explore it at this time.
Sheiner EK; Sheiner E, Carel R, Potashnik G, Shoham-Vardi L. Potential association between male infertility and occupational psychological stress. J Occup Environ Med 2002; 44: 1093-1099.
what the other has been doing. Bound to each other
Have you noticed more flags being flown from other countries instead of Old Glory? Did you know that more Mexican flags fly from houses, cars and establishments in California more than the Stars and Stripes? Have you noticed what has happened to the Golden State? Texas? Arizona? How about Georgia or Miami, Florida?
These are all books I had already read and LOVED beyond belief and even reviewed, and NOW I HAVE MY OWN COPIES!(!!!) Is it weird that I regularly open my book closet to look at the 'em, pet them, read excerpts and feel a bit happier? Probably. Buuuut there it is.
*What I miss: At this point, I am so close to having this baby, and so far away from remembering what "normal" feels like.....so I am missing it all from having my normal body, to eating certain foods, to less bathroom breaks......and eager to get back into my exercise routine!
I told her in the future, I will.
Anyhow we chowed on the food and our host poured me generous amounts of aquavit, which, luckily I also like. I generally tend to like any herb liquor...ramazotti, aquavit, slivovice, schnapps,etc. You are supposed to drink aquavit with most traditional Norwegian meals, as the food is fairly heavy and can be greasy, so the liquor is supposed to cut the grease and help your tummy along. In the old days it also protected against food poisoning by killing any bad germs. The Aquavit went down easily, as did the wine and the beer.
SU Ink-Black
22.What is your most treasured possession?
For my layout, I decided to use the sketch as is and add a couple more photos.
That should be the envy of most any man
Distraught and disconnected!
It is reported today, that the Public Investment Corporation - an investment manager for state institutions - has bought R17 billion in SANRAL bonds. 89% of this investment is made-up of the Government Employees Pension Funds.
“Neighbourhood networks has been working with similar projects in helping create a community. We have worked with the SAMH project “Clubnet” which is a peer support group. Their intentions are to marry up people with different skills to help each other get through their particular struggles.”
During the first week of Todd’s absence, everything went fine….nothing broke. We enjoyed a wonderful day at the beach on Saturday with several families from our neighborhood and school. The next morning when we got up to leave for church, one of my tires was completely flat. Our neighbor came and changed that. Before Monday, my watch and one earring broke, the other front tire went flat, and several other things broke and went wrong. It was almost as if trouble just all waited until that second week to break loose. A different neighbor pumped that tire up since I did not have another spare.
Hey-it just moved a little. It just moved a little more! I see what’s going on here! Little Mr. Worm here thinks he can invade my river, dangle in front of me, and then run away before getting what’s coming to him. HA! Not on my watch!
The story goes it was at the London School of Economics they first met while Saif was studying for a Masters degree in ‘Democracy for Dummies’ and young Benjamin was studying the basic principles of Marxism. A small stipend received as a result of a fellowship at Oxford College had enabled Benjamin to rent cheap rooms above the Student Union branch of ‘The Friends of Venezuela’ in Duke Street. As a matter of interest it was Benjamin’s 20 page booklet ‘Trotting with Trotsky” that sold over 11 copies on its first day of publication that launched his career with the BBC and as they say, the rest is history.
cari
She was perhaps one of the weakest among us; but in so many ways, she was able to show us the Lord’s strength and power.
The suspense is also helped by the use of the aliens in the film, as well as their ultra-black costumes. We very rarely get to see them until near the end. Whenever they pounce, the use of lighting in the film means that all you see are their glowing teeth. It’s been years since I’ve seen it, but it reminds me of Predator in that respect. Or The Descent.
“Having a swimming pool can increase the price of a home, but it also comes with extra responsibilities that not everyone wants. If you’re a senior citizen and not the active sort, you’d probably need to hire someone to clean and maintain the pool you’d probably never use.”
D. Symptoms must be present in early childhood (but may not become fully manifest until social demands exceed limited capacities).
Spend at least 250 words talking about your strategies on getting through. And then share them here, so others can learn from your experience. Who knows, you might learn something too.
I think that I could go on indefinately about how great this game is but I won’t because if you don’t have this game I don’t want you to waste anymore time reading my rubbish when you should be playing Trials Evolution. It’s the best game on the Xbox Live market place right now offering a massive range of game modes, customization options and a level of challenge thyat will keep you coming back for more.
Then we go drive our alternative yet still equally gas and oil dependant hybrid cars, of which everyone else is also marketed to about their unique and conservation oriented styles, even though the creation and disposal of their batteries is secretly worse on the environment than ten years of the exhaust created from driving an SUV. And the battery must be replaced after five or six years! And so we drive… feeling better somehow about our insignificant pollution as we sip on one of 30 unique plastic bottled water brands marketed as environmentally friendly and recyclable, which it so happens are all owned by 4 major conglomerate corporations which are owned through collective investments by our government.
Fact #14: Sara Lomas makes Photoshop look better.
And every smile upon your face, as you spit on her in your disgrace.
THE
Even cricket is better than tennis, but that too now is trying to hurry summers along. Rather than being something akin to a metaphor for eternity, cricket nowadays is not the long slow days of nothing happening, interspersed with tea and rain that used to be, that it was meant to be.
So what makes your story intriguing? Can you turn that into a winning pitch? I'd love to hear yours!
We would have missed the finger numbing fun of readjusting the plastic bags over our sneakers as we plodded around the yard.
One more factor played into my issues; I wanted another child. Patrick did not.
Food Prices’ Volatility
6/11 - Garden of Evil (1954)
Serious complications follow. One paranoid alien alliance blames humanity for the Blight and launches a genocidal strike. Pham Nuwen, the man who knows about Countermeasure, escapes this ruin in the spacecraft Out of Band--heading for more violence and treachery, with 500 warships soon in hot pursuit. On his destination world, the fascinating Tines are intelligent only in combination: named "individuals" are small packs of the doglike aliens. Primitive doesn't mean stupid, and opposed Tine leaders wheedle the young castaways for information about guns and radios. Low-tech war looms, with elaborately nested betrayals and schemes to seize Out of Band if it ever arrives. The tension becomes extreme... while half the Beyond debates the issues on galactic Usenet.
Margin Call
The three of us grew from pure sparkling seeds into distorted rootless trees.
Now, I don’t want to oversell John Carter. This won’t be the next Star Wars or Harry Potter film series, but despite its problems, its a nostalgic return to the sweeping epics of a more innocent age.
How do you mark birthdays, anniversaries and things like that in your game? Do the PCs have parties? Does their culture even note the passing of years? Is there a party in Elysium for the Prince's Embrace night?
I hate this store, I hate the fact that they don't check their DVD merchandise, I hate the fact that I don't have a copy of Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World, I hate that I'm sitting here ranting about it right now and I hate the fact, most of all, that I'm going to have to pass by this store on my way to work every day for the rest of my life, wailing and gnashing my teeth because of all this!
“And strong,” Rachel said. “Some of these rocks are heavy.” She reached out to touch the artwork. The sun created a mosaic of colors that glistened with the water. “It’s beautiful,” she whispered. “What a beautiful surprise. Thank you for sharing it with me. Thank you.”
on my own, but still
Let's get the obvious comments out of the way. Alexander MacLeod is the son of Alistair Macleod whose story collection, Island, I reviewed here last year. We could say therefore that his son has writing in the blood, although by that rationale I would be busy practising medicine somewhere right now instead of dressing up in silly costumes and pretending to be other people for a living. It does hold true for MacLeod Jr however whose debut collection of stories is written with a confidence that comes presumably from not having rushed into publishing his work (at the age of 40 he has been occupied up until now with teaching and family), resulting in a collection which has been nominated for Canada's two biggest literary prizes and therefore gained attention beyond those shores. Most of the stories here are merely satisfying but a couple of them are really great, the 'worth the price of admission alone' variety, so that I finished the book pleased to have been introduced to a new writer and interested in what he might produce next. What more could you ask of a debut story collection?
How was your week? I squeezed in two movies this week: a classic and now a new favorite. Did you watch a movie this week? And will you be watching The Hunger Games today with the rest of the country?
The asbestos issue is interesting. The 2002 news report quoted above suggests the asbestos was removed some time ago, but the La Trobe case suggests that the university had to pay double the purchase price ($8 million) for the asbestos removal.
There is no way that you can come to this city, set up in Greenwich Village, sing gospel songs, preach sin and damnation and not expect a confrontation. The neighborhood is extremely liberal and very tolerant, except of being accused of sin and threatened with eternal damnation for their lifestyle.
Happy Birthday, Tartarus!
The story is about a young girl in 1930's Alabama, her life and her family, including her father, Atticus. The crux of the story of course is Atticus's defending of a black man who is on trial for the rape of a white woman and all of that trial's repercussions. I don't have any groundbreaking insights to offer, just that if you haven't read it yet you really should, and I highly recommend the audiobook version.
Ink: Memento tuxedo black, rich cocoa, bamboo leaves, pear tart, cantaloupe, cottage ivy (Tsukineko), Copic markers
Despite what some people may think, I am an introvert. I am a friendly introvert, but an introvert nonetheless. My mind is always going . . . I often find myself consumed in my own thoughts. My weight only amplified and intensified the introvert in me. I would sit back and wait for people to approach me. It is funny how a person who takes up the most space in a room just wants to be invisible. Maybe I should rephrase that. It is funny how a person who takes up the
A person who is physically fit has the stamina necessary to go out and further the work for God’s kingdom. Mr. Thomas maintains that you’ll have increased sensitivity to God’s voice, renewed energy for God’s work, a greater joy for living, and a fortified soul better able and more willing to serve and love others.
BM: Oh yeah, and three bottles of vodka a day.
Most sheath systems are the weakest part of a knife. Otherwise we wouldn't have piles of leatherworkers and kydex folders out there making a tidy profit. However, for the ECS the sheath system is a welcome surprise and in my opinion overshadows the locking system.
Surchoix – in a Gold wrapper aged 4-6 months
Christmas trees...
That being said, I have always been a big fan of education (I did become a teacher after all) and firmly believe that most of what a person needs to know in life is not learned by sitting quietly in a desk and taking notes. Here are a few lessons I learned from rock and roll, one of the greatest teachers around.
This is a food of festivals. Crisp from outside, soft from inside. This would be one thing that my brother and I ‘then’ and my husband and Bramhi ‘now’ reach(ed) our hands for, immediately after naivediyam.
In essence we all come from the first man.
Another fun embellishment I've made using a Xyron are these twine buttons.
Now, if you have never had the chance to eat a
I like to play it straight when it comes to food. Sneaking spinach into brownies isn't going to make your kids spinach lovers. But, a few years ago Tim discovered this recipe for breakfast cookies in Missy Chase Lapine's The Sneaky Chef. (Some people argue Jessica Seinfeld stole the idea for Deceptively Delicious from this book.)
The sun is hot on my neck as I observe
The girls followed it up with their digital single “It Girl” in June last year and recently won several new artist awards at year-end ceremonies and have performed overseas at music festivals with other K-pop artists.
There was nothing outside. The light from the stars made it bright enough to see a long way. I walked around the ice shanty and still I saw nothing. I held a flash light up to the ice shanty wall where I thought I heard the scratching noises. I didn’t see any marks.
- 1/2 cup of chicken stock
Of course, it took some experimentation to come up with all those different beers. "There are a few beers we made that have been hidden away, and we don't talk about," concedes Stephen. "We experimented with a lot of different woods for our Bourbon Dubbel. We tried cedar wood, which someone told us was poisonous. It tasted like drinking the closet."
I am acutely sensitive to how assumptions are made based on an accent – here in London, I often help a Filipino friend by making phone calls on her behalf because she finds that people – like her doctor and council workers – change their behavior when confronted with someone who has an accent that is not as “other” as hers.
Let the amber music surround my soul and give my torture relief. Better yet, oh, God, how I wish, how I pray, please, in kindness, if you would, could you make my blood bourbon? Then my whole body would hum harmony, balance and grace. Nothing would I fear. Nothing would I feel. I would be the music and hear nothing but the music and think nothing but the music every day through.
Frankfurt, Germany
This doesn’t mean we leave Lissa, Christian and Adrian behind. Rose does look in on Lissa through their bond several times throughout the book, and through it we follow the sub-plot at St. Vladimir’s; there is a new head teacher, and with him comes two of his own children, Reed and Avery. And Lissa’s erratic behaviour becomes increasingly more worrisome for her friends, for Rose, and for herself. It may seem convenient that we’re able to get to this sub-plot through Rose and Lissa’s bond, but there is always a reason for Rose to check up on Lissa, rather than just “oh, let’s go see what Lissa’s up to.” It’s very well done, and it’s great to be able to keep up with both girls.
With Special Guest:
"Don't get to be a lawyer on me," he responded. "The issue there is, whether or not, rather than concede to a"--he paused and shifted gears, apparently unwilling to put Cablevision on the spot--"this is a theoretical answer to your question. Eminent domain exists when an individual, by stubbornness or greed, is trying to hold up a project that is in the overwhelming public interest. I believe in eminent domain, and I asked today, without making a recommendation, whether that analysis should be applied to the Garden.”
First of all, I wanted to apologize my readers for missing two weeks in a row- midterms were rough this semester, but I’m back and ready to talk about Wanderlust! Ever since my real first trip I went on- that I REALLY remember- at 8 years old, I have been a collector of souvenirs. I have everything from a monstrous collection of postcards, to clothing, to christmas ornaments, to pottery, and the list goes on and on.
1/2 cup fine granulated sugar
Mother slided into the living room, lit a candle placed in a vintage wine bottle and sat back in the couch only to jump up again at the sound of the doorbell. "Oh my God, Frank!" she yelled and threw her arms around a tall man in a worn jean jacket. They hugged for what felt like an eternity before she introduced me, still short of breath from rambling terms of endearment in falsetto.
Make Your iPhone Look More Charming
The only experience most of the Apple customers have is seeing the book on the Hot and Top charts. I'm not discounting that as an influence in itself. In fact, I think that's likely a high influencer. I'm also sure some of those readers were disturbed by the content, but none of them enough to 1-star it.
So how can companies start embracing this concept? It starts with first impressions. What emotional impression is created when people first walk into your office? Let me tell you about two experiences I had:
“Right.” John groaned inwardly but took the papers without comment. “You have a new secretary?”
I was so wrong. It was absolutely delicious. The kind of food you could sit with a spoon and eat for hours. Absolute comfort food. And it was cold. Like a salad should be! That was so surprising. We liked it cold. Both of us said we could have eaten the entire thing as a meal. I may make it again as a meal. Or just to pick at throughout the summer. Delicious!
Tonight as we prayed I was particularly agitated. I held down the boiling frustration in the sphincter of my throat; I wanted to retreat into the eye of my cyclone, body tensed and wailing my silent, furious scream while the terrible wind whipped around me. I could hear what the leaders were praying, but they seemed far away and I don’t recall most of what they were saying.
Hang on; Ride of the Valkyries doesn’t have any words. It’s all stirring music innit?
Let me talk about my own experience. Usually I choose books based on one of these five criteria: I know the author; I've read the author before; someone has recommended it (whether it be someone I know, or reviews I trust); I've seen a television or film version; I've come across the novel by accident and liked the sound of it. Now, as far as I'm concerned, the cover only comes into play if I select a book based on the latter. If I'm browsing through a bookshop, I might glance at a cover pick it up and read the blurb; if I like the sound of the blurb, then I might turn to the first page and start to read, or perhaps read a few pages at random.
Hong Kong is without a doubt the home of the shopping mall and there are enough mid to high end stores around Tsim Sha Tsui in Kowloon and Central/Causeway Bay on Hong Kong Island to satisfy even the most brand conscious shopper – and drive you a little bit crazy too!
a cold bed,
As the baby grows inside her, she becomes increasingly aware of her bitterness and, in a moment of poetic understanding, she realizes that she will pass on that bitterness to her child, “infecting her innocence”.
If you know me, I'm willing to bet that confession surprised you.
After the “nerd” discussion last week, I asked Kyle about it.
Lugh was the god of all skills and arts and honored even today as the patron of blacksmiths.
He said that when he walked out of the courtroom, the officer who was responsible for transporting him to and from jail was near him.
BE A BLESSING TO OTHERS! CHOOSE
While driving home, I hear the Cure, Picture of You. I started absolutely wailing in stop and go traffic. "Remembering you, the way you used to be". It really hit home. "There is nothing in the world that I ever wanted more than feel you deep in my heart". The broken dreams part of this is hurting now.
Is building irritation…
I queried for nearly two-and-a-half years, racked up 148 rejections on three different novels and officially gave up one day. Then a funny thing happened the next day – Ms. Sarah LaPolla from Curtis Brown Ltd. requested the full of Cracked. And the rest, as they say, is history.
* To check the paneer if its out of required water,take a small amount in the palm,rub for 15-20seconds.Hold it tight to see if it shapes into a ball,then its done.
6. I'd Be Talking All The Time
1/2 cup pure maple syrup or agave nectar
But when he stumbles into a kidnapping in progress, he acts without even thinking. Before he can stop himself, he's saved the daughter of the most dangerous man in London.
- 1 bodacious brads package
David is the only Jewish character in the film and it is part of his self-image. There are no external signs of Jewishness-- no kippah, no ethnic look or clothing so, if one didn't know—if he or someone else in the film wasn't continually pointing it out, he would be a character like the others rather than the embodiment of an ethnicity. He is a corrupter of innocence; a fraud, a thief, a liar, a scammer. He is a child abandoner. He has done this before, according to the abandoned wife with child beside her, who is now jaded. He has impregnated other innocent British girls. He lowers property values and ruins society. He steals from innocent vulnerable people and takes the treasures of the culture for himself like the stereotypical money-grubbing Jew.
I’ll be hosting a Journey Through Australian Boutique Beer out at the very nicely appointed Club Kilsyth in Bayswater North (my friends in the ‘inner’ suburbs, look it up in ya Melways – it’s there!) which I hope will be the first of regular beer events for those folk out east who have not had the easy access to good beer that we sometimes take for granted.
Hey pals! Welcome to day two of the 12 Days of Christmas series. Today, I'm supposed to be posting some wonderful something. Truth is, I have a few somethings I could write about. But there's uploading the photos and editing them, then writing the post and then rewriting it 16 times. And I'm just not up for that today, folks. Sorry.
Because of all the storms on Thursday evening by the time we got everything unpacked we were exhausted and ready for a reasonably early bedtime. Hearing all the water outside made for a wonderful nights rest.
Do you see what I see
I need to get signed up for another 100 soon, hopefully in Feb. sometime. I am trying to drop some weight before I fully commit.
I'd rather be the One
and :
In the 1930′s Arthur Brooke launched ‘Pre-Gest-Tee” to suggest you should drink tea before you digest. Grocers then abbreviated it to PG, and ‘tips’ was put on to show that PG uses the two leaves at the top of the plant and it’s bud to make it’s traditional brew.
Andy bent down and took her bar of soap and started soaping up Olivia’s legs one at a time with long firm strokes while her two friends each held Olivia by the arms. Andy started to kiss and nibble at Olivia’s lovely firm ass which was right in front of her face. She then slipped her tongue between her butt cheeks and darted it in and out while going up and down her butt. She continued moving the soap upward from her legs and started to soap up Olivia’s ass with firm massage like motions. She made sure to carefully soap up her asshole and as the running water ran down Olivia’s butt crack, Andy would flick her butt hole with her tongue and re-apply the soap. In the meantime, the other two girls were nibbling at Olivia’s ears and soaping up her upper body paying special attention to her breasts and hardening nipples. Olivia was covered with quite a bit of soap at this point. The girls turned her around and Andy judiciously soaped up her soft bush.
Review Time! The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer by Michelle Hodkin was a 2011 YA Debut. However it was only published in Australia in February this year. The cover of this book is just gorgeous and I'm not going to lie - I wanted to read the book just because of the cover although the blurb sounded pretty good too! Purchase your copy at The Book Depository - US Edition/ AUS Edition. Thanks to Simon and Schuster for the review copy!
The spinner is a very simple design with just a bolt glued onto the back of it, which is attached to a magnet on a spinner. So you can place it on a magnetic whiteboard and it will stick, and then give it a spin. After drawing the rest of the spinner “fields” on your whiteboard, it can be used like any spinner. If you would like to see a little video of this spinner in action, just check my HeidiSongs Facebook page! It’s pretty neat. I noticed that on Amazon, they sell these spinners in packs of three for $19.99. I can’t imagine what they were thinking of; what teacher is going to need three of them when you can clearly only ever use one at a time? Some of the sellers on Amazon and also my friend Dave at The Learning Shop has split them up into singles and only charges $7.99 plus shipping for each one. I don’t know what he charges for the shipping, but the spinners are light so it couldn’t be much. If you want to order one, you can fax them an order at 1. 317.842.1723 or call them at 1.800.369.6792.
I really believe I’m closer to a "realist". Some bad things just do happen, and why should I ignore it or pretend it isn’t there just to be “positive”. I don’t find acceptance of the negative things in the world a negative action. On the flip side, I don’t believe I go looking for, and giving power to, the negative in things.
And to think I’m equally as tired from stressing a little and spending the past two days in a cubicle or on the interstate.
I was a bit startled by this proclamation, but I was intrigued by the derelict’s intuition, since I indeed had never found Mr. Right. I looked at the six items on the belt and saw nothing particularly unusual about my selections that could have tipped off the drunk to my marital status..
“…a reminder of that blood-stained field of Karbala, where the grandson of the Apostle of God fell, at length, tortured by thirst, and surround by the bodies of his murdered kinsmen, has been at anytime since then, sufficient to evoke, even in the most lukewarm and the heedless, the deepest emotion, the most frantic grief, and an exaltation of spirit before which pain, danger, and death shrink to unconsidered trifles.” (A Literary History of Persia, London, 1919, p.227)
Hi again friends!
The current system is failing sufferers and things will not change until these sorts of findings are integrated into GP care programmes. Government acceptance is one thing, but it needs to be carried through to the patient. There are currently over 4,000 published papers that indicate the biological nature of ME. How many more times do these papers need validating before the findings are used to provide effective treatments?
Sayid-"I didn't see the point of killing them when I had what I came for."
Millennia pass, awareness of the hidden danger fades to legend, and both song and veil weaken. And the most remote cities are laid waste by fell, nightmarish troops escaped from the Bourne. Some people dismiss the attacks as mere rumor. Instead of standing against the real threat, they persecute those with the knowledge, magic and power to fight these abominations, denying the inevitability of war and annihilation. And the evil from the Bourne swells….
21. Hey, my lips can dance just as good as me! let’s kiss! +
I miss you so much, but I know you don't miss us. You're part of the grandest celebration ever. You are whole, full, well, and joyful. You sing and dance and play on streets of gold, at the feet of Jesus. You are blessed. And you have the amazing joy of growing up in the presence of the Lord. You lack nothing, feel no pain, experience no sorrow. For all of this I am grateful.
On February 3, 2012, I will be 30 years old.
Last week I started a series of posts focusing on everything that makes a wedding, apart from the obvious- The bride & the groom. I started it off with my favorite and most dear to my heart, the children at weddings. So shall we continue...?
Two other people, including Isalgue’s 13-year-old daughter, were in the apartment. The others were not injured.
Dress: Nine West
The arrests were made in Warangal district in Telangana region, which was once the stronghold of Maoist movement.
17. Sorry Doesn't Help (Years of Refusal)
-You must leave verification information for your entries. Incomplete entries will be disqualified.
about 10 oz of melting chocolate candy wafers. I used the dark chocolate flavored ‘Make and Mold’ brand
That said, do I believe malicious entities exist?
Last semester, I took my last French class (ever!) which happened to be “Médias et cinema”. For this class, we were obligated to go on a little outing to watch Café de flore, a movie with the same writer and director as C.R.A.Z.Y., Jean-Marc Vallée. To be honest, I wasn’t looking forward to it. At all. Even after watching the trailer which I thought was intriguing, I had other ideas in mind on how to spend my Friday night rather than gathering with my entire French class to watch a French movie. Plus, it’s always strange to see your teacher out of the classroom.
Baba was a fat man. Fifty-eight years of over-eating, smoking, not exercising, and generally not giving a fuck about his weight had made him seriously obese. His walk had become a lumbering waddle. Just moving from room to room robbed him of breath and forced him to sweat. His breathing rattled and wheezed, as if forced from a tired and over-taxed set of bellows. Gluttonous feasts of Turkish cuisine had kept him this way over the years, adding to his expanding girth and jowly face. But he didn’t care. He was rich. He was respected in his community.
"The Rand experiment: don't prevaricate—participate
She spent half the afternoon yesterday playing with her, and the other half playing with the doll's virtual twin on InnerStarU.com. (I swear she's almost more excited about the computer games than the doll itself.) Then at bedtime, I created this quick and easy bed out of the AG box. I simply wrapped some scrap fabric around a folded batting to create the mattress, and then cut out some scrap fleece for a blanket. She and A's (My Generation) doll were all tucked in for the night.
Student : Sir, you are working on the premise of duality. You argue there is life and then there is death, a good GOD and a bad GOD. You are viewing the concept of GOD as something finite, something we can measure. Sir, Science can’t even explain a thought. It uses electricity and magnetism, but has never seen, much less fully understood either one. To view death as the opposite of life is to be ignorant of the fact that death cannot exist as a substantive thing.
45 For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.”
1) In which I am on my soapbox about shame Has shame ever helped a woman? This is just the other side of that same “You’re not enough” coin.
Of course fate decreed that I didn’t need them. The nearest person to me as I arrived on the beach was Barry; a nice man and a great subject.
Several years ago … okay, many, many years ago … my parents gave me a unique keychain with a key to their car. I loved it! That key represented freedom and independence. Exactly what I was craving as a teenager. It was the right gift at the right time.
She is now called Imjackie by the entire class. I think she hates me. I mean, she hates Moldy Potato. Wait… what?
Car Interiors
*smoother*
Iceland arrived from google.com on "A Perfect Lily" .. by searching for Which doctor must i go to to have abortion?.
- Submitted by a GateWay volunteer
I think I started on this blog in August, 2009? I blogged for years on a site called Multiply but gave up on that b/c there was a lot of drama and it was stressing me out and so not worth it! I think I'll keep up with it b/c I do enjoy writing out the things that go on day to day..
Chief of Staff: Peace will be answered with peace, and fire with fire Hamas-linked CAIR holding rally in New York for synagogue bomber Video Compilation Of Rocket Attack Filmed by Civilians AvitalLeibovich: @ANDYLFC2011 if #hamas would spend money on #Gaza rather than extending rockets ranges-#Israel wouldnt need to supply 70%of its electricity AvitalLeibovich: @Kevremo thanks! Turkey rejects Arkia request for extra security Video: PRC Spokesman Admits that Hamas Allows Attacks Against Israel AvitalLeibovich: A few mortars fired from #Gaza into #Israel a short while ago. Cease fire???
Eager to make conversation I asked, “Where you headed?”
Yes, it's true. I jumped on that bandwagon. I saw. I "pinned". I made. This simple weeknight project added a little edge to the room that in just a few hours had gone from bedroom to master suite.
For instance, you could buy a new car. But will it be BMW or Batmobile. You could spend it all on comic books or open your own comic book store. Maybe buy an awesome home theatre and all the movies you could watch in a lifetime. Or fund an indie movie or web series and leave your own mark on the entertainment world.
GLOB - GLOB specializes in botanically crafted paints made from fruits, vegetables, flowers and spices with natural food-grade ingredients and organic extracts. GLOB arts and crafts products are sourced from natural, recyclable and biodegradable materials.
For my project, I created this simple and easy Spring like Card. I created this card using paper from the Lawn Fawn Paper collection which has some great Spring paper. Then, I wrapped around the bottom with American Craft Ribbon. For my embellishments, I used the sayings and flower chipboard from the DCWV brand. To purchase the paper and ribbon used, please visit the Ginger Snap Scraps Store. They have a great collection. If you like these items, please head to Ginger Snaps Scraps Online store by clicking here.
those first tentative steps
Green Financing aims to support environment-friendly processes and systems such as cleaner production, waste minimization, resource conservation, and energy efficiency. For this project, DBP earmarked 20.6B for industries and local government units to use on green initiatives.
When I grow up….
The girls loved helping, too, and I think I need to order new crayons, for them to use, as well:
1/2 tea baking soda
I like baked goods.
There are goblins that haunt the old synagogue at the top of the hill and they are quite the nuisance! They blow out the candles on the menorah; they throw potato latkes on the floor and basically make it impossible for the village people to celebrate Chanukah. In this delightfully original Chanukah tale, you just can’t help but giggle as Hershel of Ostropol outwits those nasty goblins and rids the village people of them once and for all. This book is a pleasure to read! My kids truly enjoyed it, all while learning a few things about Chanukah!3. A Baby Born in Bethlehem
The photographer isn't - still trying to get some obligations out of the way.
Have a great weekend y'all.
Sometimes I feel that I have trouble expressing my love for those who
My friend Scott Derrick was quite a character. He had kind, joyful, and sarcastically-playful way about him. We met at a birthday party for a mutual friend (way back in 1974), and we hit it off well.
Vocabulary Detectives 2 by Ruth of Teacher Park: "Run weekly vocabulary contests! As your students read their books, they fill out the Vocabulary Detective cards and put them in the Detective Jar. Have a drawing at the end of the week for the winners!" (4-6)
Okay, everyone. That’s enough. Stop singing the Cards’ praises just because they drafted Michael Floyd. Yes, they now have the best receiver in the game (Larry Fitzgerald) and a guy with huge potential in Floyd. Who’s going to throw them the ball? Kevin Kolb? Thanks for the laugh.
Malcolm wasn’t about to see how this went down, so he took off running in the opposite direction.
Legs; Tan- Almond-Putty
Creating the cool.
With God, my witness, my reach and my guide,
I then put her in a shovel and walked to the bottom of the back yard and under the shade of a dogwood tree I dug a small hole and buried her. I fought back tears at the irony as my dad lies sick in his bed downstairs, unable to care for himself any longer.
That’s a fairly big claim to make as someone who has been playing games for over 25 years.
On that note, the electricity is stable. I don't even think we have voltage fluctuations all that often, if at all. I think last year the power was out for three hours during one day. And that was it. Similar with water - even though it's a desert climate, the city desalinates enough water for its inhabitants, and I never have to worry about water supply in my home. And I pay to have drinking water delivered to my door. Consistently, reliably, timely.
Love to Cook – Cook to Love.
There have been many attempts to classify the vital traits of great entrepreneurs. As an entrepreneur myself, and as someone who met many successful other entrepreneurs through Young Presidents Organization (YPO) I have been reflecting about some of the common traits I observed among great entrepreneurs. So, for what it’s worth, here is my list:
I had the pleasure, last Saturday (14th April) of not just meeting Kate Davies but of also learning a cool new technique – the Steek Sandwich (or as us Irish are calling it “The Schteak Sangidge”). If a person can be described as a gem from the web I’d have to use the term for Kate. If you haven’t come across her blog or her patterns before now please click on the previous links. I’ll wait here until you come back, honest!
*You might want to look out for other good budget smartphones like the HTC One V, Samsung Galaxy W, Sony Xperia U or Apple iPhone 3GS.
During the semester, I am busy with students and other various runnings around in my life. I don’t get to print that often. I have three blocks (2 lino, 1 wood) ready for printing. I have recently discovered Akua inks. Good bye oil based, smelly, messy clean up inks! Hello eco friendly, water cleaning up velvety finished ink! I highly recommend this ink to anyone who prints for monoprints/monotypes and relief/intaglio. Since I have three blocks ready, I am gonna print the first color for all of them today since all need yellow. I used Akua Intaglio in Diarylide Yellow. It is a wonderful warm yellow, borderline a golden rod yellow shade.
I was like Carrie in Sex and the City.
It’s just a big ball of f*ckness. That’s a new word: f*ckness.--Snooki
Anyone can wear a grandma sweater, but it's the grandPA cardigans that really keep you warm. They are especially nice when they cost $2.00 and have perhaps the tackiest color palette I've ever worn. Somehow I adore this piece despite it's flaws--and that, my friends, is unconditional love.
2. Share seven things about yourself.
Mass of Christmas with traditional products
In 2008 Boehr performed Dandini in La Cenerentola with both Austin Lyric Opera and Opera Fairbanks. He is currently working with the New York City Opera, covering the title role in Don Giovanni, and in 2010 will be performing the role of Tapioca in the Austin Lyric Opera production of L'Étoile.
Meanwhile, it's Memorial Day here in the U.S., one of those days when I'm confronted with my own ignorance. We're to commemorate U.S. soldiers who died while serving in the military. I feel I should do something, without knowing quite what that something is. Hang an American flag off my porch and pretend a depth of feeling toward the wars that isn't there? Donate to organizations which help veterans? Heaven knows there's going to be a fresh crop with brain injuries and such.
In his hands.
Man Ray (5 gelatin silver prints, 4 photogravures, 1 book and 1 film, 1922, 1923, 1924, 1927, 1931)
We’re guilty of neglect. It had been far too long since our last visit. We’re talking years here. (Why do I feel like I should be in a confessional?) Truth is, we had (or at least I had) forgotten how wonderful Montreal is.
Not Hungover on a Monday
What I like about the Swan is that it sells Dunham Massey beers on draught - usually two or three, and also, that it sells good food. Not too expensive, nothing needlessly pretentious, in sensible sized portions, and even though last night it was heaving and packed full, we didn't have to wait too long for our food. Meals average out at about £10.50, alas am unsure of the beer prices as they went on the tab.
Supplement it is.
Today I was catching up on a blog I enjoy, and the post I was reading was mostly photos of a camelia bush...a bird's nest...and some amazingly bright blue robin's eggs in the nest. So simple and perfect. So gorgeous and symbolic of spring. And suddenly, I started crying.
So when Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng demanded an apology from the Prime Minister, he was cheered on by the public even though they Najib would pretend to ignore the entire incident or condemn it as being as “opposition-instigated” demand. But did Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim’s Pakatan Rakyat pay RM84 million to the UK publicity firm? Who was it who instructed FBC to polish Najib’s image, give an overly glowing report about the benefits of consuming palm oil, and praise the BN’s handling of indigenous people?
A few weeks ago The Democrat and Chronicle ran the recipe for macaroni and cheese from a local restaurant, the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. I took one look at it and said "no way." It had loads and loads and cheese -- four kinds of them in all. It looked like a heart attack waiting to happen.
then voices.
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus ... ABC Family ... 11:30 AM
This post has been another long one, but I can assure you that you need to be aware of this information. Coupon fraud affects everyone. In essence, it is stealing, whether it happens intentionally or not. Someone has to pay for it, and it is always the consumers (us!!). Manufacturers then raise their prices, causing stores to raise theirs. And when it comes to coupons, fraud discourages manufacturers from distributing them and stores from accepting them.
To beginning crafters I might seem to be somewhat advanced, but I want to emphasize the fact that I am still learning. The pieces I have shared with you here are basically the extent of my knowledge. The only other endeavor I tackled was making a headband with a giant bow and sparkly gemstones for my friend Danielle (who is in love with all things flashy with bows)
Every now and then I take down one of them, flip through it and reminisce. I usually pick one at random, but every now and then I hit on number 17, the one that chronicles my first trip to New Zealand in 1991. I have been back several times since then, but this book contains the details of a sighting, that have bothered me for far too many years by now.
Once in Daegu I’m expecting mixed results. The men will be hard pressed to have a presence in the final unless they can get into the 1:43’s or at least the low 1:44’s. David Rudisha is unbeatable unless hurt. Medals could depend on the status of Abubaker Kaki who was injured in New York. If he is out that opens up two medal possibilities. If he is healthy then a great deal of the world could be fighting for one medal.
She is the goddess of good fortune and serves as the household assistant of Mokosh, the Slavic earth goddess.
SG TIP: Top off a place setting with an interesting little dish or bowl. You have seen these dishes many times over and over in other tablescapes, but what makes them look fresh is the pretty purple flower dish (Pier 1) that sits on the top. I am always on the lookout for seasonal or themed little dishes! Buy them on sale after the season!
Time: 6-8pm
Who cares about contests? Do you? I know I always feel as though I can't win, so what's the point? Well, I have yet to find an answer for that question, but I continue to do contests randomly on this blog. Here's the deal. I have an Advanced Reading Copy (ARC) of my book, The Guardians of Elijah's Fire. It's paperback (the book will be printed in hardcover) and it has a completely different cover (cool as well, but unique.) There are hardly any of these left, so for you collectors out there... Kabajing! You have a chance to collect...it
A big phobia of mine is feeling chained down and not free to do what I want to do. So to de-stress and regain my personal freedom during busy times, I rely on the little things that keep me sane, like taking lots of fun study breaks (which usually involve food: Indian dinners and 2 a.m. ice cream snacks), thinking of exciting future events, and making spontaneous phone calls to my friends, just to catch up and hear about the good things that are going on in their lives. And soon enough, I feel invigorated again to hit the books.
Conform or be cast out
So here's the deal: I've just spent three weeks - THREE WEEKS - writing The Post From Hell and it's a mess.
A quick description of our life:
Look for Old World on Facebook, too.
PS – If you understand the title of this post you are either a) insane or b) Miken or Josh
Sun - Spicy Garlic Chicken Pizza. Exactly as it sounds, this chicken pizza is not too spicy, just super yummy, chicken comes precooked and everything else is prepped and ready to top your pizza then its ready to bake.
23 sculptors
Usually when a reciepe comes out wrong or different from what I had anticpated, I don’t know where 1 went wrong. In this case, I’m pretty sure I went wrong right here because this particular pan I used doesn’t have a top and so I “covered it” with aluminum foil. Dumb move. It’s really not the same thing but I was trying to imporovise.
Who is saying this? The LORD.
Here’s my attempt.
The catch is, you cannot use the title of the film at all.
Now, I’m just a little anxious about this 10pm alarm of yours. Is there a way about this? Of advance not, that’s a asinine question. I'll yield affliction of it. Annihilation fun happens afore 11 anyways. Speaking of fun, I’m academic I’ll accept to breach over. I’m abiding it’ll be no botheration for me to crash, right? I know, you’re apparently a little afraid because of the accomplished animal assault/rape allegations that landed you in bastille recently. Just to be clear, I’m not some Swedish aggravate who cries abduction afterwards I accord to something. I’m Canadian; we about even apperceive what “consent” means.
I figured I would use silk flowers for this since it was going outside. I also found a big hard wreath at the dollar tree. I figured that would be better too since it was going outside.
Here is a giveaway that is too good to be true. I do not know how to post the pictures that Melissa has on her post but just let me tell you:
I'm worried the financial world is going to hell in a Prada handbag.
I used to carry really tiny purses and I still love them. The only problem is I have acquired items that are too big to fit. My counselor once told me that she couldn’t believe I’m a mom and carry such a small purse. Really? Maybe it’s because I have boys. They don’t require much in the way of junk to carry with them. Tony carries an inhaler in his pocket and money in his wallet. Jimmy carries a wallet when he hasn’t lost the darn thing. Relatively low maintenance.
Here are some of the girls' headbands I made that fit size infant-child (some are extra stretchy and can fit up to adult size)
Last night, about 20 hours after Target had opened for it's Black Friday sale, I went in just to grab some lights for our Christmas tree and figured I would see if anything I wanted happened to be left. I quickly realized everything was long gone, but then I went down the toy aisles looking at the very top shelf and what did I find? Exactly what Morgan wanted for Christmas, which happened to be one of the doorbuster sales! I think I actually squealed with delight and another lady who was shopping laughed at me and said Congratulations! Morgan did see that I was shoving something Barbie related under the cart, but she doesn't know exactly what it was and it's not like I could take her home and come back to get it. She will still be surprised come Christmas morning. I still have some shopping to do, but I have made a dent. I am hoping that Cyber Monday will have some good deals, so I can finish soon.
I need to take the time to hug and appreciate my family
I'm kind of in love with these milk straws and I have never even tried them. As you sip through the magic straw, it turns your milk into one of 4 flavors: chocolate, strawberry, cookies and cream or vanilla. Adam and I happen to LOVE milk. I'm thinking these might make a fun little gift for his upcoming birthday. And I'm even thinking about using these for Rilo's first birthday party!
Of course there are still brands and products we wish to be more transparent to us like insurance companies but then, that’s another discussion.
Steve knows how much I love to scrapbook and he even took the time to add a page in my Project Life album for my birthday, showing what we were going to do for our anniversary. Our birthdays and anniversary are very close, within a 10 day span. As I unwrapped the page he made, I flipped it over and found this:
“Ok. First things first. This is a condom.” He said, showing me the condoms. He broke the two of them apart and held one. He proceeded to rip open a corner and took out the condom. Then took off his shorts and gestured to his….nether regions…
Make sure to check out my Frugal Friday link parties for great frugal inspiration from around the blogosphere.
‘There is no reason to give me a good reception because they didn’t like me when I was there. I can’t see they are going to like me now”
A dream can change and grow and you will grow too in a way,
So I guess my new thing for today won’t be killing someone. There’s always tomorrow.
But are not keeping.
- Had bad fall after around 4 riding sessions a week where I developed abs and my seat back again. Started with a personal trainer.
‘Just bring me a bloody sock.’
When you’re a co-founder of what has been one of the fastest growing craft breweries in America for the last fifteen years, averaging 43% year-to-year growth, named to the INC 500 list two years in a row (’02 – ’03), listed as one of San Diego Business Journal‘s “Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Companies” seven years in a row (’02 –’10), and named “All-time Top Brewery on Planet Earth” in ’08…and in ‘09 “The most popular and highest rated brewery – ever!” by BeerAdvocate magazine, you’ve probably got something to say and some ground (or at least kegs) to stand on when saying it.
Mr. ACLAND That is rather a matter of opinion.
As a result, the Afghan Taliban’s leadership in Pakistan is certainly not decimated. Nor do Pakistan’s actions constitute the “sea change” in its behavior, as some observers have argued. Instead, they represent a recalibration of Pakistan’s evolving policy: rather than supporting the declared U.S. goal of defeating the Taliban, the recent arrests exemplify a Pakistani effort to seize control over the process of negotiations and reconciliation that its military leaders believe is both imminent and inevitable in the Afghan conflict. And it is emphatically motivated by the conviction that India, not the Afghan Taliban, is the main enemy to be neutralized in the Afghan endgame.
What is your responsibility to your child? I pose this question because many times I have seen the way adults handle their children and I just shake my head in amazement. I live with a philosophy of child first, me second. I believe this has worked well for me so far. My daughter is very disciplined, well-behaved and very independent. When I see my child around other children her age I am amazed by the level of maturity she displays. I often wish I could take those other kids and give them a good spanking! Some parents seem to be less than interested in what their children are doing and are not doing anything to correct their child’s behavior. Why do parents turn a blind eye when their child is out of line? Why do parents tolerate children who are disrespectful towards them? I grew up in a very strict household and I never dared cross that line and my daughter is experiencing the same. I think far too often parents want to be friends with their kids, instead of being parents. I think this is partly what’s wrong with our society. Not being involved and not disciplining your child makes you a bad parent in my eyes.
Often we get caught up in matters which have varying degrees of importance in themselves. Sometimes it’s a case of doing well versus doing better, which involves wisdom and discernment. Other times we can be hoodwinked into what seemed good at the time, but was not.
Her mom looked at Lucy. “What do you say to Natalie?”
OH, one other thing. I arrived at the airport to fly home only to discover my flight left at 6:50 a.m. instead of 6:50 p.m. Remember that part in the first post about how I jumped out of bed in the middle of the night to buy a ticket? Yeah.... maybe that wasn't such a good idea. For some reason, when I scrolled and saw "6:50" I was like, "Evening flight! Perfect!" I can't really explain why I thought that, but it may have something to do with that time I fell out of the shopping cart and hit my head on the pavement in the parking lot of Frank's Nursery and Crafts when I was really young.
The performance opens with a monochrome televisual storm, through which we see as well as hear strings, horns, kettledrums, other instruments, and eventually the conductor. Wagner’s opening bars prove furiously driven. Calmer seas greet the very slow, very soft English horn-led response, spots on the camera making clear the ‘framing’ of the filmic experience. The Overture, then, finds its roots in a backward-looking pot pourri conception, as opposed to forward-looking integrated symphonism, though it is perhaps not entirely without attempts to forge such a unity. Brass tend to Solti-like stridency, though the Netherlands Philharmonic woodwind evince winning perkiness and welcome lack of homogeneity. Urgency and stark contrast, then, are the watchwords, suggesting neither performance nor production will prove beholden to ‘tradition’, whatever that might be. When, towards the close of the Overture, we first view the stage, it is unclear whether the curtain has been up all along. A stark – again monochrome – set of steel and glass is immediately revealed, onto which runs a motley multi-coloured crew, one member sporting an unbecoming tropical shirt, equipped with lifejackets and lifebelts, as one registers the (relative) surprise of hearing in such a context Wagner’s 1860 ‘redemptive’ version of the coda. Were one wishing to distinguish oneself from Cosima’s Bayreuth ‘music-drama’ approach, the ‘original’ or at least an earlier version of the score might have provided greater consistency. However, one soon begins to realise that, by default or design, and I cannot believe that there is no design here, the conflict between ‘backward-’ and ‘forward-looking’ Wagner is being dramatised.
We are assured by God’s grace that all who claim Christ’s blood as full payment for sin will be caught up to meet the Lord in the air (1 Thessalonians 4:17). As believers we are doing what Titus2:13says, “Looking for that blessed hope and the glorious appearing of our great God and Saviour Jesus Christ.” That is as sure as God is sure.
The first point that this ecological debt analysis brings home is this:
The Jets open 9/9 against the Bills.
It’s a strange predicament. Was this just a promotional stunt from Blood Red Shoes to raise their own awareness? Perhaps, the video in question was uploaded just days before their In Time To Voices record was released. Or do the band truly believe and stand up for the points they’ve made? More importantly, are they actually right in what they’re saying? Are bands like You Me At Six and The Vaccines really poisoning the minds of aspiring musicians? Or are we just lucky to have guitar-orientated bands still achieving high levels of commercial success amongst the waves of electronic pop fodder that’s produced in its masses? Would really love to hear what people think of the matter, so if you’ve got a strong opinion, please make a comment below. I understand that it’s been a while since the comments are made, and I don’t really want to relight or blow an incident out of proportion more than it should be, but at the time it really struck a chord with me and I’m curious to see what others make of this incident.
I'm enjoying my long weekend, I've been focusing on doing my own thing in part trying to suppress some worries which are inevitably hanging around.
Back to Ronnie’s case, Mary interviews his lady friend who apparently is a con artist herself and has intel on another wanted individual and is using that to try to get her out of some immigration mess. She mentions her blind spot and it again gets Mary thinking about her dad’s blind spot.
Otherwise, I will respond to your mail on my return.
There are a lot of different kinds of love.
Automated Patent Portfolio Analysis and Categorization by
Serving Size: 1 mug cake
Aren’t you glad all I could manage was, “I’m just glad you’re home,” . . . .?
1) Eat something green and leafy every day. Even if it's just a salad, I plan to eat a green leafy vegetable daily in 2012. Expect to see even more greens on this blog because I need new ideas to make them delicious.
Did she climb into
new Krylon® Clear Choice Art Scholarships. The new program will award
Here's my good friend Jackie. I am pretty sure this is her second year donating in the drive. We went over to Heartland on Wednesday and she took one for the team! Thanks so much Jackie! Of course we then had to go out to lunch after cuz donating blood makes ya hungry, and taking a picture of a friend donating makes ya hungry too.
If you haven’t taken the time to draft one of these one-seam skirts, do yourself a favor and set aside 30 minutes to do so. This is an elastic-waist skirt with deep side seam darts with additional darts front and back for shaping and works very well in knits. The darts take away the extra bulk around the elastic waist. Once drafted, you can have yourself a skirt in an hour, start to finish.
This has never really bothered me before, but for some odd reason it bothered me today. So, I made a New Year's Resolution to exercise- Starting now.
rumbled up in a mess
I realized I didn't even know what I wanted for myself. For so long I had been morphing my wants and opinions into whatever everyone else wanted or liked. What does Mary want? What does Mary like? I had no idea. It's very similar to that scene in Runaway Bride, where she doesn't even know how she likes her eggs cooked.
I love orange ~ such a happy colour, and so much more sophisticated than perhaps it's given credit for. It works so well against so many other colours...I love to see it paired with pewter grey hues.
Pearls for embellish
Thanks everyone for your sweet wishes for my first day in my new job yesterday! It went well and the team are really nice! I was totally phased out by the end of the day with so much to take in - even though all I did was listen all day!!
Where can we find out more about your book?
Cut the draft along the line I-K-M-D-F-L and G.
*Winners will be announced on TheTwoCents.com on Wednesday November 10, 2010.
Grafton, Sue. S is for Silence. New York: Berkley Books, 2005.
But then something happened to turn that happy cycle on its ear…Pinterest.
You'll never know this way
It was a beautiful thought, but the reality of gathering the funds on top of the looming costs of an exotic island wedding brought everyone fast back to reality. One of the last nights that Dani and Tiffany spent in the house of their beloved friends, they played their favorite songs, drank wine, shared stories, laughed, cried, and pled with the universe to help them make their dream a reality.
My official starting weight for this 30-week exercise challenge is 180 lbs. That's higher than my Friday weigh-in of 177.5 lbs, but that's what the scale said Sunday, so that's going to be my official starting weight. My goal has always been to lose 1 lb per week. If I manage to do that, then I'll be at 150 lbs at the end of this challenge. Given that my weight loss has been much slower over the last 6-7 months, I doubt I'll make the full 30 lbs. My hope is to lose 2 lbs every 3 weeks, which would equal 20 lbs lost over the challenge. That would put me at 160 lbs, only 5 lbs away my initial goal of 100 lbs lost. If I'm really lucky, I might even hit my goal by the time this challenge ends!
Offestting this irritation, I also had the enjoyable experience of receiving an unexpected package from Amazon. 5 months ago I pre-ordered ‘Straphanger’ (a slang term for public transport users) by Canadian author Taras Grascoe . According to Amazon it’s not out for another 2 weeks but I’m currently gazing at evidence to the contrary. With the tagline ‘Saving our cities and ourselves from the automobile’ I’m looking forward to assessing Taras’ viewpoint. I suspect I’ll find myself in broad agreement. For truly difficult journeys, where the public transport system has failed you, where infirm acquaintances need your assistance or where speed is absolutely of the essence, a car is useful. Necessary even. At all other times, it’s a choice. An increasingly expensive and burdensome one.
Vegetable oil- 1/2 tbsp
I hope that you've enjoyed lots of relaxation time and tons of fun with your family and friends! Me? Well... I spent the last three weeks laying low and reading a bunch - trying to get over a nasty virus. It was a doosie! I sure hope that you've been able to steer clear of it.
What can I say? As one who was privy to so many of the stories (either directly or in the telling) of this masterwork of prose, I still hung on every word, in each iteration that I had the privilege to read. Doron is my dearest, lifelong friend, and it is the bitterest of ironies that his emergence onto the stage of world literature, must perforce be in the service of immortalizing his most cherished, now departed son. But thanks to Doron's devotion, Damon lives on.
As you can see, lots of my jewelry pieces were inspired by butterflies. So far I’ve made about 12 butterfly jewelries. I also find lots of jewelry artisans inspired by butterflies (at least, they made butterfly jewelries).
31 BRAZIL has more Avon ladies than members of its armed forces. Physical beauty is so highly prized that calling someone vain is a compliment.
At Fort Moultrie we learned that at one time our country's flag had fifteen stars and fifteen stripes. That is definitely a "FuN Fact" that I will be adding to my list (below my header) in the future!
Carinin shook his head. “No, I can’t afford to lose a good detective.” He never looked up as he added Sweet-n-Low to his coffee.
and as i read, "i think i can, i think i can, i think i can . . ."
Quite a lot, as it turns out, which is why the members of our founding stock decided, in 1924, to put a stop to it. Immigration was from that point on subject to such strict quotas that for all intents and purposes, the tap was turned off.
Tammy provided the girls with some digis to use, so check out the inspiration below starting with our March Guest Designer Lisa...
Everytime there’s another stupid reason why for you
Harper is a criminal, and his government was the first to be found in contempt of Parliament – a first among the DOZENS of Commonwealth nations and their collective political history – for hiding what he wants to do with the tax money YOU have paid into running this country. He wants to take away your rights to see the proverbial bank statement; now that he isn’t castrated by holding a minority, he can do just that.
One of the first concepts you hear about when you're studying animation is "squash and stretch", which is the idea that living forms (and certain types of inanimate objects) have a certain amount of flexibility and that they change shape as they move around under their own power, react to external forces or change expression.
Pamela Kimball’s birthday present, a 1Night Stand adventure, promises to jump-start her life, put a new man in her bed, and help her forget her past. Unfortunately, movie-buff Pam’s Pirates of the Caribbean fantasy takes an alarming wrong turn when she’s abandoned on a not quite deserted island—with ex-husband Roger Ware.
In a mix of demons and angels together with God and Satan, the characters turn to tarot card reading and wicker to find solutions. Being a Paranormal Romance, this isn't the regular genre I choose to read, but it is a compelling story and literally couldn't put it down.
11. Always wear the race shirt of your last race at the current race’s pre-race briefing. The more recent the race, the better. This is a good conversation starter. However, avoid the tendency to explain how that it was a training run for this, and this is just a training run for the next, etc. It just sounds like your rationalizing mediocre performances. Sometimes it’s best to live in the here and now.
Primary responsibilities include:
“Clearly influenced by Monty Python‘s Terry Gilliam and old ghost stories, artist Kevin Weir has discovered a fun way to play with images from the Library of Congress’ Flickr account.
Scarborough: what about Mitt Romney
We light a yule log, in our house one that's cut from the trunk of last year's tree (the rest of which is providing habitat and nutrients in the woods out back). Old tales say if it lights on the first try and burns for twelve hours, we'll have good luck...this year, I'm soaking one end in water, first. What? We need all the good fortune we can get...don't you??
But nope, the Friends re-runs continue uninterrupted. Idiots.
Just last year, I met someone whe said she was going to take the Durango & Silverton train ride that weekend. She did and reported back that it was still as good an experience as when I had gone.
Here is the variety they have to pick from. They can mix and match this week.
From Time magazine: Somebody "pulled the Negro out of the car by his belt." The drivers ''hit him several times with their fists and knocked him to the ground." One of the drivers pulled out a knife. "Before you kill him," he said, "I want to put the same scars on him that he put on Brown." Said Jessie Lee Sammons: "I could hear the tearing of clothing and flesh."
Since I am intending to HEAL (face it and replace it), I simply look at the issues as strong negative energies that I am pulling out of the core and replacing with loving thoughts, feelings, Reiki and balance. When I help someone heal, I often enter a meditative or trance state, and I plan to do just that tomorrow. I have to admit that I don’t know EXACTLY what caused all of this, but I know where to point my energy and who to ask for help.
"What?" Dr. Dante seemed stunned.
The backgrounds, though, turn out best. Patricia Doktor, Brad Hicks, Ian Miller and Charles Pickens went out of their way to create nightmarish cityscapes, monolithic buildings, overly-twisted roadways, city blocks that look as if H.R. Giger were their architect and ingenious architectural designs which do their best to make it feel that the characters and incidental figures that are laid over top of them seem almost a sacrilege to what they are covering up.
He was burdened to learn that most people brought their “pain” to the Lord; fear, anger, confusion, disappointment, hurt and broken hearts. Most members of the church seemed to be suffering. He realized that all of us carry certain pains and are trying to make sense of them.
Lopez
When we last check, Ares Lin has made his profile on the Lion City Forum ‘private’ and neither did he post any apology on the forum.
Williams Hybrid Power is hoping to be able to commercialize their KERS system for other vehicle applications. Teaming up with the Qatar Science & Technology Park, the two partners will go forward as the Williams Technology Center to work on R&D with commercial goals.
She put that piece of information away in her little mental tote, filed under “court martial” and cross-referenced to “sunburn”. By the time I was born her fear of the sun had gelled into a standard operating procedure, and I was always subjected to a lecture and a creamy rub before I went outside in the sun.
As for Archives, Museums, and Libraries on Twitter… I follow a lot of these, and I think the ones who engage their audiences (answering questions, holding conversations, etc.) are much more successful than the ones who just broadcast events calendar entries, or (even worse) merely use Twitter as links to their Facebook pages, where the “real” information can be found. (Note to organizations thinking of using their Twitter accounts in this fashion: Please don’t.) This use of conversation is something I tried to really push for during my time on SAA’s Communication Technology Working Group; I’ll let you determine how successful I was on this. (Though, if you’re looking for ways that other organizations are thinking about their use of Social Media, you could do worse than to peruse the CTWG report presented to SAA Council in January. )
The Sense of an Ending is a wisp of a book, it can barely be called a novel, but it is incredibly masterful. Barnes captures a moment, a feeling, a desire, in a way that is both poetic and engaging. As a reader, I floated through its pages. I was captivated, and entranced. There is something slightly mystical about the writing, surreal and yet genuine in its emotion.
I hope to post more photos of our trip in the next few days.
“No! You can’t do anything about it and you’re just making a big . . . thing, out of nothing,” Linden objected. “You have to stop this before someone hears about it. They won’t hurt students, but you can still get in big trouble.” He turned to Katie as the voices rose again. “This is your fault, Katie. I just hope it doesn’t come back to bite you.” He jumped up from his seat, leaving his lunch tray on the table and rushed out of the cafeteria.
But those of you who have been here will know... It's the beat of the pavement that is so alluring... There's something about the energy here... About the pulse of the place... The ever enduring optimism... The possibility... The hope... It's all here... On the NYC streets... It's a tough place to be sure... It's grey... It's concrete... It's fast... It's furious... And yet, even in the face of this, the people walk to a happy beat...
Beyan invites Ben to a football field and does some baton twiriling, which was cute in Sonoma, but now started freaking me out a little because to War Horse’s credit, I kind of get the horse obsession because at least they are living beings and any time they race you are allowed to wear stupid huge hats and drink bourbon until the stupid huge hats actually look sexy on girls. I mean, bringing back the baton? Band camp.
* Bath sets are available for boys, girls and in neutrals
"All right, then, I'll go to hell" - and tore it up.
Today is St George’s Day.
Forget brand loyalty. You’re looking for products (ex: cheese), not brand names (ex: Sargento). If you find a coupon for a brand you like (Tropicana!), that’s fantastic, but the better toothpaste deals come when you let go of your Crest fixation.
First, I thought of the words “I almost died” before I thought of the particular incident. Next, I was going to share with you an incident from my adulthood, but then I chose to use an incident involving me as a child. (Why? Well, this story just seemed like it would be a lot of fun to tell!)
“Something that’s mediocre, just OK, not great or above anything else. See, when you have great ideas that are above the box and not inside it, it makes you different, it makes you not mediocre, not just like everyone else. Oh, people will come around eventually and adopt or even steal your great ideas, but not right away.
I hope you enjoy our proposals.
Sometimes curve balls are thrown our way in life, and it's all part of the journey. We certainly did NOT see this coming, we know God is in control, and it's all part of His divine plan. Big things are happening with my family and I will share soon. We have total faith in God that He has an amazing plan!!
The Gaultier exhibition Jean Paul Gaultier From Sidewalk To Catwalk is currently in Montreal but will travel internationally over the next couple of years. It's not to be missed.
- typing @ in front of their user name
Here are some of the products I used:
Hi Friend,
First I mixed up my favorite Buttercream Recipe, shared with me by my dear friend Amy. Next, I assembled the materials for piping: piping bag, a coupler and large star tip, small paintbrush, and gel coloring.
And she took a swipe at the goings on during the Polokwane elective conference in 2007 which saw Jacob Zuma turn the table on Thabo Mbeki. Hani said she was not ashamed to say that “what happened in Polokwane was wrong because we look stupid. Today we want Zuma then the next day we do not want Zuma. We love the ANC but the problem is greed for power, money and positions”.
Level 16: MP Cost: 15, Duration: 160 seconds.
Results: Oh.My. Seriously. This was delicious! It tasted like something you could order at a restaurant. I know, I know…”Don’t hurt yourself patting your own back, Michelle.” But seriously…if you like fish, you must add this to your menu. Writing this post makes me want to eat this again tonight!
1. The buzz on campus is about your performance—it was fantastic! How did you and your band mates come up with the name House of Waters?
A GHOSTLY VOICE: Baaaaaaarrrrrraaaaaaacccccccccccck! Wake uuuuuuuuuuuuuup!
18. knowing how much better my life is after divorce (ASIDE FROM LOSING JORDAN)
All that useable, enjoyable performance combined with practicality. There are a demanding bunch. Merely having top line safety and reliability isn't enough. On top of this kind, a smoother and more economical. As a result, theyre an increasingly popular choice for supermini buyers especially those who have deeper pockets than most.
But I certainly understand the appeal: the "zombie plague" trope may be trite and overdone and ripe for paraody and simply boring by now, but the reason it lingers in pop culture is pretty much solely attributable to the success George Romero found in his original Dead films - specifically, Night of the Living Dead and Dawn of the Dead (although I know that Day has its fans as well). Those films are "zombie movies," but (and this is hardly a new idea, so please forgive the reiteration) they aren't about zombies. Zombies have no personality, no charisma, no presence. The point is simply to see what happens to people when you put normal people in the pressure cooker of an impossible situation of survival in the face of the strangest, most soul-deadening circumstances possible. Zombies aren't individually a threat, but they tend to come in waves, and the immanent threat posed by tons of decaying flesh possessed by an insatiable appetite has a tendency to shred even the sturdiest disposition.
bleed together
This communication
DeChiara and Sunshower should be reprimanded for "contempt of court" over their heavy handed tactics to bully and intimidate voters with whom they disagree.
I was hoping it was a day I could go sock some asshat who’d been irritating me.
While I don't buy into the notion that Authonomy can help writers build readership--a few hundred reader recommendations hardly constitutes a following--I agree that showcasing a manuscript online is probably not an issue, as long as it's not being promoted for sale. The notion that merely by posting your manuscript online you exhaust your first publishing rights dates back to the early days of the Internet, when the concept of electronic rights was brand-new and it wasn't clear what sort of competition they might present to print rights. I doubt that many editors these days would be greatly bothered. (A more relevant question, in my opinion, is how bothered they might be that you’d posted your manucript on a website sponsored by a rival publisher--especially if you’re currently submitting your manuscript elsewhere.)
Author: Mellitta Strandberg
* Spirituality in Art, Dance and/or Music
3) Add cut bacon and diced cheese.
The chat:
There are those in life you meet, and they make you smile. Then there are those in life you cross paths with, and they leave footprints on your heart and warm your soul. Emma and Tristan, are the latter. I like to peg it to her sweet sugar-coated smile and spirit, and his gentle natured heart, both combined make one of the nicest people I've had the pleasure of getting to know and photograph. The real joy on the day though, was to watch just how much in love these two are...you could see it in the way he gazed upon her adoringly, you could see it in the infinite 'just-because' kisses that were exchanged, and you could see it in the sweet beloved way they embraced one another under the cool spring breeze that floated around the entire day.
Cardstock: White, Enchanted Evening, Spring Rain
dining-room set.
The skirt of the dress falls, partly through the thin fabric, like a waterfall gently downwards.
No fishing line, no hooks...how do you catch a fish?
The chicken cacciatore: “One of these things just doesn’t belong…” Visually, it wrecked the whole package. They brine it, and that’s okay, but the end result was an anemic looking piece of meat accompanied by a cacciatore sauce that begged for somebody's Nonna to come to the rescue.
I think sometimes we take life for granted and don’t realize we are NOT promised tomorrow. Each day is truly a gift from God and each day should be treated like it is the last day we have.
Then, AFTER you have subscribed (or if you ALREADY subscribed in which case, YAY!) please COMMENT on THIS post using the SAME email address in the info field, or, if you’re a WordPress blog user, the link to your blog (so I can tell who’s who).
5) People who think they need to give me "instructions"
Calling up artists, curators, and architects to develop alternative futures and to “consider the ‘invisible’ space of electronic data flow as a substance that needs a structure, a politics, and a poetics”, his “Poetics of Augmented Space” laid the ground for an ethics of living in today’s Augmented City.
Songhay Empire
If you’ve read “Notes From A Dragon Mom” (and if you haven’t, please do, I can wait. No really, go ahead I’ll be here. Done? Okay, moving on), the author talks about her son with Tay-Sachs (also called GM2 Gangliosidosis, very close cousin to Armand’s GM1), and how she and her husband parent for today, knowing that it’s all they have — they don’t have the concerns for college or weddings or sports teams. They take the joys they can in day-to-day living, having gained some acceptance of the inevitable. I mention this because the two main things in the previous paragraph (Armand’s disposition despite troubles and his new sitting style) are major deals to me, something that most parents of a 3-year-old would never worry or think about. It shows that he’s fighting, he’s progressing where he can, he’s more or less adapting the best he can.
Part 2
Seemples.
If you find yourself in a hospital for more than a few hours, make sure you find out if you have been admitted for inpatient care or if you are merely considered an outpatient under what is called "observation care."
Oyler is leading by example, earning his beer server certification. He continues to study for the Certified Cicerone exam.
As I attempt to record 1,000 things to be grateful for in this year, my mind is stretched to think beyond the obvious. Grateful is good and I like the idea of developing that mindset. But to take it a step further, and just like prayer, not necessarily get caught up in our circumstances, but be able to thank for the SEEING of God in our circumstances.
(insert anxiety attack 4 here)
I was in the bathroom getting another roll of toilet paper to blow my nose into (HOLY SNOT!!!) and guess what I saw? Yeah. A spider. Little bastard thinks he can come inside MY house to stay warm? I think NOT! Seeing as I didn't have an handy flats fishing guides on hand to stop that MF'er, I uncoiled the central vac hose, plugged it in and sucked that jerk into oblivion. I hope.
I perused the selection in Dick's Sporting Goods (yes) and reached that stage I've often talked about with Theo from Hot and Cool, when you're faced with a display shelf of handsome Nikes and you start by picking out the ones immediately attractive until after a while they all start to look the same and you start to wonder if it even matters whether they're black and yellow or black and purple because they'd probably look equally as great. We've not-so-paraphrased it as 'The more I look at trainers, the less I understand myself as a person' syndrome. Is it the overall look of the trainer with a clean black trouser or a denim dress rather than the unique style of trainer itself? Does the variation between two similar Nike styles make enough of a difference? I know these questions will induce cries of 'sacrilege!' from hardcore trainer fans but they're questions that come to me as I ponder over the waffle soles and tongues in varying shades.
Soon, Delores is sought by the devilish, grasping Chris Buckwell (Warner Oland), a power broker from the city. Oland enjoys high social position and great wealth, and he’s a curse upon San Francisco’s Chinese population, whose own expansion he seeks to restrict. The Chinese community elders detest Buckwell, but they accept his power over them because it is unwise to provoke a powerful figure and because, as a white man, he is outside their punitive jurisdiction. Yet Buckwell is actually Chinese. To pursue the wealth he craves, he’s developed a cover so deep even his own people don’t recognize him.
One of my dearest friends, Dot Norris, went home to be with the Lord a couple of years ago after a long, arduous fight with cancer. She was funny, with a quick wit. She was also a loving and dedicated child of God and she loved Dane dearly. They shared the same strength of character, zest for living, and devotion for God. Dane loved Dot as well. Despite their age difference, Dot and Dane “got” each other. Dane was always smiling and ready to give a hug. “That child is so sweet, I could eat him with a spoon,” she once commented to me about Dane.
So yesterday I found myself right by the London Bridge with this MASSIVE War Ship sitting there in the Thames and what else could I do?
Themes
I coloured a Tando bookplate in Victorian Velvet distress stain, then a couple of coats of clear Distress Stickles over this, stamped a sentiment onto paper coloured with Victorian Velvet DI, a couple of white velvet brads, and adhered to the front of the box.
SO two weeks ago they flew me to DC to do training for my new job with the Art Institutes!
Red (used Patons Astra Hot Red)
Piece of wood at Joann's :: $5
“The data show no discernible difference in bearing wear between when we started and when we finished,” remarked Dan DeLong. “I call that a success.”
This session Rep. Morgan of Prague successfully created a Vulnerable Adult Intervention Task Force via Senate Bill 1601. The task force will study how to best provide interdisciplinary community assistance, intervention, and referral services for persons with mental or physical illnesses or disabilities, dementia or other related disease or condition. Speaker Chris Benge has appointed Terry Humphrey to serve on this task force.
The bottom photo features some yarn I bought during Yarn Quest with the intent of knitting myself a long overdue Aran Scarf plus any sort of accessories I could eek out of the remaining yarn. Turquoise is one of my favorite colors and I just love Cascade 220. I've made an Aran Scarf before for a scarf exchange in which I did not receive a thank you for my efforts. I've been slightly bitter about it ever since. Now I can rectify the situation. Kind of. :)
~A few fun things about our Say~
I remember my mother loved to have fun with us. She didn't care about what "you are suppose to do". as a mother raising children. I remember going for walks on the beach and before we were done all three of us were jumping and swimming in the ocean waves with all of our cloths on. I remember her letting me drive the car, while she slept in the back seat, in an unfinished suburb where there were only the roads. I remember going to the drive-in in our pj, with pillows, blankets and goodies to eat. I remember it was always the three of us, we had each other. We fought, played and worked together.
Further from the bad quality from the league players, coach Pitso Mosimane called closer cooperation from all stakeholders to ensure the national team is thoroughly prepared for the their games. There is risk of failing to qualify for 2013 Africa Cup of Nations and the 2014 Fifa World Cup starting in June this year. What am I talking about by saying risk? The team has not qualified for the current tournament, so it is actually more normal to fail to qualify.
Too, I feel like I have a purpose in mind. For so many years, "just surviving" was my purpose. I was very young when I became a parent, and the children pretty much all came at the same time. At 22 years old, I was a young newlywed. At 23, I had premature twins. At 25 and 4 days, I had my third child. Three kids under the age of 2, and I was barely out of my childhood myself. I didn't know what I was doing. I couldn't hardly see what God was thinking when He gave me all those kids, I was so sure I couldn't do it and that I was going to majorly screw them up. So often, it was all I could do just to get to the next day. I couldn't let myself even THINK past that next day, much less plan and dream about what might come after it.
He was one of the few people I could shut up around, simply because I knew he didn't need me to say a damned thing.
Bruno said he loved every minute of it. Carrie Ann thanked hime on behalf of all women for doing a lovely rumba – but said it wasn’t his best dance and she wanted to see more dancing. Len was not impressed saying it was on the raunchy side and he wanted to see more forward and back hip action not just side to side.
The glory of Christ may others see who Christ Jesus is, and let them do understand what it means to be in the image of God, what we all are or should be. therefore it may be nice to see, even when others do not like it, that certain pastors, after a few years may come to the truth and reflect on it like TD Jakes Breaks Down the Trinity, Addresses Being Called a ‘Heretic’ By Nicola Menzie (trinityspeaks.wordpress.com). Bishop T.D. Jakes, pastor of The Potter’s House megachurch in Dallas, Texas, was put on the spot during a theological roundtable and let others know that Paul is not a modalist, but he does not think it is robbery to the divinity of God to say God was ‘manifest’ in the flesh.
Step 7 (In Which Meet Cream And Cheese): Now the cream gets folded into the mascarpone cheese (which was mixed with a few other things that I now forget). I folded this beautifully, if I may boast a bit. In between Steps 6 & 7, the Penguins grew frustrated by the lack of tiramisu in their lives and allowed 4 goals in 15 minutes of play. I did not allow my anger to disrupt my smooth folding technique.
TITLE: Last Great American Sideshow
Which leads me to another quote, one which has resonated
I painted 10 paintings of this appropriated photograph from World War II. I titled the series "Hate Kills Love" and took 10 months to paint and repaint the soldier aiming and the mother cluthching her child over and over again struggling, but never nearing any understanding of how such cruelty is possible, not only possible then, long ago, but in every age and country and repeated daily somewhere in the world often paid for by our U.S. tax dollars without any ability to stop the violence done in our name.
I have actually lost count of the times I have had the fun poked at me for sitting in the cinema sobbing my poor little heart out. Films like Titanic, War Horse, Bambi (!), Black Beauty – yes ok, people understand and cry along with me. But others – I mean, Thunderpants?! I just get so involved with the characters, it’s almost as though I feel their pain as my own. Maybe I take escapism a little too far, sometimes I feel it is good to feel emotion – I go through phases of not being able to cry for myself, so at least during these times I can cry for someone else (depsite them not being real!)
If you agree, here are some ways to make yourself heard:
Of course viability isn’t a black and white issue.
She flipped the light on when she entered the kitchen. Cockroaches scattered and for a moment, she thought about cleaning the kitchen, but there were better things to do. She rummaged in the bottom cabinet until she found a little pot and put water on for coffee. Her favorite coffee mug was in the sink filled with a filmy liquid. There was a foam cup on the table in the other room from two days ago. She sighed as she grabbed it, rinsed it out and finished making her coffee.
For lovely eyes,
My grandma’s only warnings about the beehive were to stay away from open flames and to avoid humidity because it would make my hair frizz. Well, I did pretty well avoiding open flames, but the Brick by Brick was so packed for the show that every single person was intimately acquainted with every person around them so frizz I did. No room for a stray boner in there. Good thing we weren’t seeing anything sexy–oh wait…
The "Island" was indeed the place you go to be tested and challenged, to learn, to find what you lost, to heal from your pain, to grow, become enlightened and then move on. We have six seasons proof of that. Rose even mentions to Bernard the "Island" is the place where you to "get better". We have indeed been privy to a few castaways going through the challenges there, finding redemption, seeing truth, letting go and moving on more than a handful of times. We've even seen instances where people opted out; Ana Lucia.
Bernd Sommer “Anti-capitalism in the name of ethno-nationalism: ideological shifts on the German extreme right” Patterns of Prejudice, Volume 42, Number 3, July 2008 , pp. 305-316(12). Abstract: “Sommer examines the (re-)emergence of anti-capitalist and anti-globalization themes within the ideology and discourses of the German extreme right. He argues that it would be short-sighted to interpret this development simply as another opportunistic attempt by the extreme right to incorporate Zeitgeist issues into its political agenda in order to appeal to a broader spectrum of supporters. An analysis of the latest campaigns of the Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands (NPD)—the most successful extreme-right party in recent years—as well as the activities of groups that exist within the larger German extreme-right milieu, the so-called freie Kameradschaften, reveals that the taking up of social questions as well as anti-capitalist and anti-globalization themes marks a deeper shift within the political agenda of the extreme right in Germany. However, the analysis shows that racist and antisemitic issues do not disappear with this shift, but are linked with and incorporated into anti-capitalist and anti-globalization discourses.”
9 It is better to trust in the Lord
Theory 1
Rest in Peace Issac Hayes.
There are so many things from which I take inspiration. I am naturally drawn to rustic, cozy, shabby chic styles of clothing, furniture, fabrics, etc. I LOVE to scour thrift shops, looking for treasures which can be transformed into beautiful keepsakes. I actually get a rush in finding things for $1.00 and $2.00!! I love vintage pieces of lace and crochet doilies which I love adding to my projects to give them more of a softer feel.
And so life goes on. There is no stopping us and the kiddos in watching The Avengers. We all like superheroes but as Captain America said, “There is only one God and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that.” And I say amen to that.
"This will be the smallest part of our loss," he added.
The goals of these"Peaceful Patriots"and their"New World Order", knee-jerking their way to anarchy, is underlined in red by their blatant disrespect for our American Flag.
I returned home, filled with hope, not only of finding a spiritual community, but of rescuing my family from their religious malaise and bringing them once more under the direct protection of Jesus Christ. Both of these quests were disastrous. My family rejected my evangelical advances and my search for a local congregation was even worse, I was told by many ministers and preachers that speaking in tongues was wrong, that it was a misinterpretation of scripture, that it was even the work of the devil. This practice of Speaking in tongues had become central to my way of worship, as had dancing in the spirit, and raising my hands in the air, and shouting Amen when something the preacher said really resonated with me. Sitting quietly and listening to someone talk, standing still with a hymnal in hand singing dirges, I couldn’t reconcile these methods with my desire to worship and glorify God. I searched, and after a while I stopped searching, I read my Bible, and after a while I stopped reading, I worried about my salvation, and after a while, I stopped worrying.
I've always been neutral about George Lopez. I wasn't into sitcoms when his was on the air, and I'm not that into stand-up comedy. So I was pleasantly surprised when his guest turn on Reno 911!, as the city's mayor who gets more paranoid and whacked out with each morning briefing he crashes, made me laugh out loud. Also, this episode features one of Reno 911's best recurring perps, Terry the roller-skating prostitute (Nick Swardson). I don't care how much of a dick Swardson reportedly is in real life, Terry's lisping interactions with the Reno S.D.--which usually involve badly-worded denials of his illegal activities--are always a highlight.
So let me point out that we need to start thinking. God gave us this great gift and we don’t use it. I stated earlier that we treat problems. Let’s solve them. Quit taking what is put in front of you as true, and question it. Take a look at what you are doing that isn’t working out like you’d like it to and fix it.
climb more mountains, swim more rivers.
The context in which the revolution took place would be a pretty good place to start. Up to the 1930s, Spain was a largely preindustrial country controlled by wealthy landowners, the Catholic Church, and a series of monarchs and military dictators. Meanwhile, revolutionary fervor was brewing. Through the turn of the 20th century anarcho-syndicalism grew popular in rural Spain, and to a lesser extent in cities as well. The industrial sector was particularly rife with labor conflict. Strikes were a regular occurrence, and were often violently broken. Many thousands of workers were jailed or killed in numerous strike-busting clashes with bosses, police, and the military. In
My "Nice" project started 12 days ago and has to be 50,000 words long by Christmas. Well obviously it doesn't have be, I mean they aren't going to come and cart me away to prison if its not but I would like it to be.
It sways and it grows
On that note, I looked at my dissertation from my masters the other day and too be honest, I’d love to write it again because this blog has actually taught me how to write. I’ve learned about things like structure, style, context, the voice I should be using, and so much more. When I was writing my dissertation, I was too busy being distracted by Facebook, so I reckon that being distracted by my blog wouldn’t make a huge difference.
“Why should US Immigration treat Shah Rukh or any other star or celebrity differently from you and me? And why should the MEA demand an apology in this case and not on behalf of thousands of other Indians who are similarly singled out?
‘It’s going to be a long, long battle for my gorgeous boy. I still can’t understand why they left him in the road to die.’
“Oh sure, I know you,” he lied.
120gr goats cheese & crispy bacon
I never saw the videotape, but I had wanted to do SOMETHING to help ease her pain. I used clay to start a "Survivor" series of art sculptures and jewelry. I wanted to show women going through the painful "cure" for cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, nausea, skin burns, perceived loss of femininity) that they ARE still beautiful and worthy of being happy. So each survivor necklace is hand-painted with hopeful colors and they sometimes accentuate the missing appendage - a portion of the sales goes to the Komen Race for the Cure Foundation. Each Cancer Survivor Goddess sculpture is shining with positive energy. Each sculptural bust is thought-provoking and beautiful. Mom appreciated the Survivor series and proudly wore the neckpieces with many of her outfits. In fact, "Contemplating old Wounds" won Best of Show at the Valley Sculpture Artists art competition and an Award of Merit at the California State Fair.
Magnolia Doohickey Heart Label
Surprisingly, I had a pretty great Christmas.
...that he was, technically, more into grilling then barbecuing.
Listening requires one to listen actively, so as to make sense of what is happening. And while reading also requires a certain amount of attention, hearing is transmitted to the brain more directly (since input through the ears is received by the brain faster than input from the eyes). Maybe that’s why it seems easier to pay attention to something heard than something read. After all, most of us learn to speak more naturally than we learn to read or to write.
Saxena MC, Siddiqui MJK, Seth TD, Krishna Murthy CR, Bhargava AK, Kutty D. Organochlorine pesticides in specimens from women undergoing spontaneous abortion, premature or full term delivery. J Anat Toxicol 1981; 5: 6-9.
This is all you need to make them, plus a little patience :)
6. Judicious: to portray good judgment or restraint
Blog-book also follows me to bed. Well, one never knows when a dream will need capturing and pinning down to the page for later transference into the Demon Box, as the 27th November post clearly showed.
The al-Qaeda leader was killed during a US commando raid in the northern Pakistani town of Abbottabad on 2 May.
Everything moves so fast. One of my colleagues recently complimented me on being proactive. In response, I informed him that I always feel three weeks behind. And I was warned that as the release date approached, things would move at a frantic pace. What an understatement! Once again, I am humbled by the process. And I’m humbled by the warm support so many have given. Your patience has been tested, and the day has finally come for us all.
KEEP YOUR CARDS YOU HAVE HAD FOR YEARS! if you were just offered a good deal to transfer your balance and save 20% in interest, that can be a good thing. To close the visa or MC that you have had for 5 years and keep only the new one that you just received, that’s not always the best choice. The longer length of credit history with one lender will help increase your score.
Blazing, then replaced by black,
Dave Prior and I collaborated on a Podcast:
misunderstood motives as we began to lay
Everything becomes a blur when you’re to sober to see the signs sometimes? The road was boring and my mind just took it upon itself to jazz things up a little, add some spice! Fill in all the unfinished colours and add life to the ugly canvas around me! The road was boring, no colours or shapes to catch my gaze. It was just an ordinary road, nothing special on an ordinary day. I’m not in space, not mad, not surrounded by stars or by silence; I’m just in a big city. Seeing and hearing what I want to make the journey towards absolution easier.
Listening to Hood has put me in a Robin Hood mood, so it was the perfect time to get around to Darkyn #7, about the Prince of Thieves himself!
The California Grill is not a value option by any stretch when it comes to dining at Walt Disney World, where starters can range from $10-$20 and main courses can be anywhere from $25-$50. Add in a glass of wine or two and dessert (or two) and this can certainly add up. However, the quality and variety of food, the service and Disney magic, not to mention the prime viewing of Magic Kingdom’s fireworks make this a dining experience that you won’t soon forget and will continue to return to upon future visits. If you happen to be dining with the Disney Dining Plan, the California Grill is considered a ‘Signature’ dining option, and thus requires 2 table service credits.
There is a “cheap booze” application on Android, but it doesn’t seem to work. I twittered a while back asking people to let me know about booze & pub applications on Android and some nice people replied. Thanks to all that did. Of the applications out there, Bar Finder and Cask Marque are worth a look and do link into Google maps. Both are free to download. Wetherspoons are developing there iPhone app for Android so soon that’ll be all you really need. Why go anywhere but your nearest spoons and pay more? There is a CAMRA beer guide available but at over £4 they can keep that. If they want to tell me about the better CAMRA approved pubs near me they can tell me about them for nothing. Even found a free Oktoberfest guide. All of this though is pub and bar information.
Results and any recommendations coming out of the study, including best management practices, will be made publicly available, said Stahl.
Patrizio said that one of the techniques women should take advantage of is oocyte (egg) freezing, which appears to be the best strategy for women who want to postpone motherhood but really care about having a child with their own genetic material. Alternative options such as egg donation, which leads to the highest pregnancy rates reported for any ART method, are also available.
In order to maintain our standard of living, we are forced to TAKE from the Earth’s resources and if you buy products from the Pacific Rim and China, you take from the bodies and time from the people who are forced to work in sweat shops or manufacturing. In SHARING SELF EXPRESSION the products rendered will be built out of one’s own expression and natural talents. If you like constructing tennis shoes, you do that using your own creative powers to share with everyone.
christmas day was on sunday this year. we had church at 9:00 so we got up a little early so we could open presents before church.
Fuel your bones with other key nutrients.
"It gets dark."
CCSO received a call Thursday morning at 8:30 a.m. from the grandmother of the child who told deputies Hackworth and his girlfriend (the caller’s daughter) had been arguing. She said she saw Hackworth raise the child in an elevated position and intentionally throw him onto the mother who was lying in bed. She said the impact was hard and both mother and son were holding their heads crying hysterically. The deputy observed a knot on the back of the boys head.
Ashlynn Conner, a 10 year-old from Ridge Farm, Illinios, took her own life on Friday, November 11th. Ashlynn had been experiencing teasing and bullying for two years, being called "pretty boy" (after cutting her hair short), "slut," "ugly," and "fat." When she went to teachers for help, they told her stop tattling.
The pipes in the cabin are frozen and need repair.
Who Is Taking Care of Your Kids?
It’s really no wonder that future Highlander sequels disregard this film entirely as part of the series canon, and that almost every fan hates it with a passion. I won’t say it’s absolutely unsalvageable, as there are a few good ideas here and there (I kind of like the whole idea that McLeod tried to save the world but ended up backfiring with the shield, causing everyone to hate him), but the haphazard way the story is put together as well as the numerous plot holes just makes it too much to bear. Highlander 2 is a dud.
NOTE: Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. Revelation 3:10
Prepare your mind for floods, when the high finned creatures that only come around when the water is very deep nuzzle you suggestively. Creatures that we willing embrace and know as friends as they take us in their steel jaws and deathroll.
If you are a fan of cupcakes and aren't already reading Metalcakes, you don't know what you're missing. For those of us that are already fans, I'm so excited to announce that Kathy "Metalcakes" Bejma (and her mom!) will be in attendance for CupcakeCamp NYC 2.0!
A hook, a hook, and a hook.
Price: $13
A mystery.
"Nothing. Just mumbling! What's in the bag?"
Days passed by, one day early in the evening she heard the announcement of free medical camp which is going to be conducted in her village. After hearing this news, she was quiet happy and she eagerly start waiting for that day. The day came when Kanakamma attended the Operation Blessings India camp. There she was examined to OB doctor for her problems. They advised to do some lab tests for checking her diabetes (blood sugar). After the test, she came to know that she was suffering with diabetes. Her blood sugar reading is 200 mg/dl. Then she consulted the doctor again and he prescribed necessary medicines for her. Operation Blessing India Counselor advised and counseled her about diabetic. They advised precautions and the diet which she has to take.
Him: Sits on the garage steps and continues to watch me.
... et le petit papillon vient de la nouvelle bordure papillon que je vous ai montrée hier...
One thing to keep in mind...
“Here are the chairs, how many do you need?’ said the owner.
I gave my scales the finger this morning.
Dahlings, long time, no blog! Disgraceful!
Roth’s “Plan B” is a bad, bad idea. Good ideas? Ensuring more effective and sustainable deployments of existing military forces in LRA-affected areas, building the capacity of civilians to protect themselves and their communities, and integrating robust civilian protection strategies into all efforts to apprehend senior LRA commanders.
I wanted to give some heads up on events over the next month. I'll be a very busy boy, and I hope to meet many of you while out on the road. Please come and see me!
The editorial continues:
Hang on to that cup of coffee today- wheeeeeeeeee, I have something new and a lot to show ;-P
To order, please choose your postal region and click the PayPal button to the right.
II Samuel 8:15
Stamps: Inkadinkado Fairies
I'd really recommend getting together with a few friends in order to save money on bulk orders. And I'll definitely be organising a get together once we've all used our fabric. I love the idea of a group of women all surreptitiously showing each other their coat or skirt linings! A bit like Lefty from Sesame Street…
DiS: I believe you had initially started writing the follow-up to Med Sud I Eyram Vid Spilum Endalaust as far back as 2009, but that it was scrapped several times? Have any of the songs from those sessions made it onto Valtari, and if not, will they be released in the future?
My philosophy has followed the strength of that marriage and this workshop is about those two very things. We are going to spend 3 very intense days working from the inside-out. Working out who you are as a photographer and your style, and helping you carry that through to your photos as well as your business and brand. Sounds scary? It is! But that is the fun of it - Learning to be a better photographer AND a better entrepreneur! :)
Crystal stemware, bowls, platters, and various other items have illuminated dinner parties and formal occasions for centuries. At one time crystal stemware adorned only the tables of the super-wealthy, but over the past century the crystal marketplace has produced items that can be used by anyone who desires a beautiful table setting.
No pictures today.
christmas is a time for remembering and sharing and loving. it gets me soo excited. if we didn’t buy a real christmas tree, i would put ours up in november.
Sounds like fun to me.
I hope everyone is enjoying the Holiday Season...Take Care Everyone!!
Appearance: A deep golden bronze colored brew is carbonated by some hefty sized bubbles that nevertheless manage to build a fine sandy, almost orange, rocky head that shows a fine set of Belgian lace.
Until recently this movies was unavailable to purchase or rent on DVD. But it has since been released on DVD, so if you are looking to feel good and remember what its like to have a family member get under your skin than may we highly recommend Coupe De Ville.
Who knows what grace in others you might inspire someday?
How come without squeaking noice
It is extremely depressing, disheartening, lose-your-faith-in-humanity-izing, to keep being presented with the most vile crimes on earth as if that’s what life is all about. As if that’s just what you can expect if you’re bringing up a kid these days.
Emerald Pointe Gate Committee
you're gonna wish these days
If the term marriage is to be ready physically and spiritually, which also must be considered and included in the list are pre-marriage establishment couples health. Not only physically fit but also to be considered wholesome according to the broad definition. Based on the definition of condition according to World condition club (Who) is a victorious state of physical, mental and social as a whole and not merely freedom from disease or disability. So pre-marital partner condition is important to retain the achievement of a persisting marriage till old age. Marriage can co-exist and adapt, can overcome his problems with the wise and mature.
With a lightly floured hand, gather the dough into a ball and knead it gently against the sides and bottom of the bowl 5 to 20 times , turning and pressing any loose pieces into the dough each time until they adhere and the bowl is fairly clean.
Once the time is up, place the dishes (one at a time) under the grill for 2 minutes (approx.). Watch it carefully, it doesn't take long to mess up.
Who you will be five years from now is being shaped by five things:
It’s hard to learn when you have to battle against your own tools. Copic markers are so easy to use that even beginners will be able to use them. They can concentrate more on the actual drawing part or start practicing their shading and blending.
My previous post here highlighted my sad lack of buildings for certain types of games. To be fair 25mm games have never really interested me (aside from gladiatorial games), but I actually don't have much in the way of buildings for 15mm games either. I have plenty of strongholds for HOTT, of course, but the problem has always been that my selection of HOTT armies is so eclectic that finding buildings that would look right with many of them would be a full-time job.
"If she's the last woman on Earth and I'm the last man, that's it. History is over. I'm playing with myself until I die."
The Canadian-born Nielsen's career reached back into the early days of television, when he made frequent appearances on live drama series like "Goodyear Playhouse." He played the earnest starship captain in the 1956 science fiction classic "Forbidden Planet" and made regular appearances on a wide range of TV dramas into the 1970s.
Okay, I’m not quite done with this topic, because I seem to be a little bit fixated on this face. Of course, he’s David McCallum, aka Illya Kuryakin, Dr. Mallard, Steel, Flight Lt. Simon Carter, etc… An actor who’s mandate was simply to keep working. It’s nice that in his later years he has the luxury of a hit show, and many many fans who still think he’s as lovely now as he was in the 60′s. We’re just a bunch of fangirls at heart.
9E. Strong Scotch Ale
Oh my goodness, it has been a LONG time since I have had time to update my blog so you know this will be a long post trying to do a little catching up. I have been creating like a mad woman but time has not been a friend lately. Okay I will admit that August was not a productive month for crafting but I did AMAZING work on my tan in Montauk. Montauk is located at the very end of the south fork of Long Island and is the best part of the Hampton's if you ask me.
The Labour Party in Amber Valley seem convinced that they can win control of the Borough Council, and they are prepared to fight a very dirty campaign to reach their goal, even though negative campaigning is usually rejected by the electorate.
One week ago today, I wasn't thinking about too much other than my hair appointment that evening. Would I like this Keratin Express business? (answer - YES) Would the salon be nice? How much should I get taken off?
Jay offered me a meatier part this time around, and though I still cop to having no real talent for this kind of thing, I decided it was too much fun to pass up. I recorded lines for the new episode on Sunday night, and was told today that they didn’t suck. Sweet!
Indoor gates are important when you love to takes care of pets at home. These gates will ensure that your pets, such as dogs and cats, are in their right places. They will help you guard your valuable things from them while you are washing dishes in the kitchen or doing some cleaning in your room.
Chloe, meanwhile, was engaged in her own pursuits. I had come home early to avoid an icy commute, so she kept me company while I did some mostly mindless work, eating (and annihilating) a couple of Cutie oranges while chatting about Chloe things. When I needed to concentrate, she got cozy on the couch with a couple of books. She spent some time with "Historic Haunted America" and then switched to "Anguished English: An Anthology of Accidental Assaults Upon Our Language." Every so often she would share one of the more amusing assaults, such as the headline "Juvenile Court Tries Shooting Suspects." I think my favorite was the sign from a Paris hotel elevator: "Please leave your values at the front desk."
I first tried Sake about 3 years ago. It was mental and it really messed me up for some reason. After I had my first few sips I felt like I had become instantly drunk - in an amazing way - it was crazy. This beer smells like that. *Danger!* Quite nutty with woody hints, some Belgian dark fruit malt flavours too in the aroma.
"Don't aim at success - the more you aim at it and make
All these valuations should be compared to $50 billion, because this is the only number that Facebook officially confirmed. In December 2010, the company announced that it had raised $1.5 billion at a valuation of approximately $50 billion, but that it had no immediate plans for the funds and would simply continue to build and expand its operations.
I even have a board titled, That's French, dedicated to all things Francais on Pinterest. I would love it if you would follow me! Pinterest is like a crazy crack habbit. In a good way! ;-) Haha! Seriously, If you have not tried it, check it out!
Faster cooking – less oven time for example
U.S.-Cuba
there are secrets
In another wide pan, on medium heat, fry the grated coconut till they turn dark brown in colour. This decides the colour of the curry. Make sure you don't burn it but it should be dark brown. Take it off the flame and add the spices. Keep mixing for a minute or two so that the spices don't burn from the heat of the coconut and the pan.Let it cool.
I applied the Alpha masks first and ten spray black cherry glimmer mist over top ad then towldied. then took another Tim Holtz mask and applied it towards the bottom of the page and then misted with the turquoise blue in the corner.
Why is this record so different and important that you should immediately pop round the local shop to order a copy? If I rave about how brilliant Gypsy Blood is, I risk becoming just another fanatic trumpeting his favorite group. But there is truly something special about Doll By Doll, a UK rock band from the late 70s/early 80s led by singer, guitarist and main writer Jackie Leven. Two guitars, bass and drums were the basic components, playing in a straightforward rock style that we’ve all heard before. They are musically tight as a group and play with passion. The magic for me, however, lies in two things which elevate this band from hundreds of others who suddenly appeared on the late 70s scene.
The next stop on the blog hop is Tracie #8436's blog. Be sure to stop by all of the blogs on the hop many are giving away sur-prizes and you wouldn't want to miss out.
SRM 15
Neither child showed obvious injury. Neither carried any immediate clues to his or her identity.
December 7, 2009 Clip No. 2290
Let’s put that in perspective – there have been hundreds of thousands of Americans who have, out of necessity, walked away from their homes because they are upside down with their mortgages – i.e. the value of their home is now less than what they owe on their home and as a result they are walking away in numbers.
On the other hand, data manipulation software that uses Security Socket Layer (SSL) encryption usually qualifies for BIS’s “Mass Market Encryption” exception for items classified under Export Control Classification Numbers 5A992 and 5D992. This exception allows certain “publicly available” software to be exported to most countries without a license if the exporter registers with BIS by obtaining an Encryption Registration Number.
Are you a farmer, JESUS wants you to gather all the lost sheep in your nation.
Mandy
1) Stress me out even more.
Lori used my "Springtime is Mine!" kit to make her chalkboard project. Wait til you read about how she made the 3D flower, too! You are gonna HAVE to try it!
I've used three Spellbinders shapes - Large Oval Nestabilities, Large Circle Nestabilities and Label 11 Nestabilities. The two JustRite sets I've used are the Breath of Spring for the Lillies of the Valley and the sentiment is from the Tiny Words set. The Tiny Words set, along with all products in the 1 3/16th size are 20% off for a short time - you can find them HERE!!!
Through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail
Burr Ridge - This town's party is called :Bubbles, Beach Balls and Big Fun!" It will take place from 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm at Harvester Park, 15 W 400 Harvester Drive in Burr Ridge. People are also encouraged to come early and bring picnic dinners. There will be free ice cream, a performance by Dave Rudolf, and children's activities that include hula hooping, sidewalk chalk, bubbles, beach balls, and more. Police and fire fighters will be there to meet and greet residents. It is free, but families are asked to call and register at (630) 920-1969.
Do not take your villages lightly.
It was easy to have me and to hold me for the better, but you had me and held me for the worse as well. A lot of worse. Without thought for your own well-being, but for mine. When you came to Family Week at the alcohol treatment center you said, “I thought I was here to help you. If I had known it was to help me, I would not have come.”
PETA’s Welfare Campaigns Contradict Animal Rights
- feedback to instructors: on both individual and class performances
The next day as her mother commenced her daily hair-stylist task, Rapunzel said, “No mom. I want a haircut.”
This undated entry is from somewhere in the Spring of 2005, when I was living in Thailand. Names have been changed to protect the not-so-innocent.
7) Bottle of Red Wine
I returned to watch a bit more Conrad (the distorted violin solo had not, in fact, ended) before just generally faffing around for a bit. Somehow I always manage to spend some time just generally faffing around at events like this (and, indeed, when it comes to life in general). I eventually returned to Boxxxxxxxxed for Silver Apples, electronic music legend and such. The last time I saw him saw an interesting atmospheric dissonance in the audience – there seemed to be an equal mix of people genuflecting in reverence/awe and people openly laughing at him. This time around your man was suffering from equipment malfunctions a-plenty. I must admit I chuckled to myself when the CD that he was playing for his beats skipped. I got enjoyment from it all in comical way, but if you go in for any solemn temple of art nonsense then this would probably have been horrific. “I Don’t Know” was at least genuinely eerie.
CHOICE 1 A small intimate dinner on the beach
Preheat the oven to Gas Mark 5/180 degrees, place a bowl of hot water underneath.
On top of all this, I am a shitty writer. No matter how many times I write out the same stupid shitty story over and over again, or even if I completely start anew, I am a horrible writer. I'm so horrible and ashamed of my writing that I have NEVER shared any of my stories or writing with ANYBODY.
We settled on a family-friendly place that we had driven past a week prior and spotted after I attended a non-profit forum. Welcome to Chuck Wagon. Their service was excellent (definitely exceeding the way we were treated across the driveway – for sure!), attentive and what I loved about the place was how fun their menu was. For instance they titled their kids menu as ‘Just Kidding’ and had listed their fish and chips dish as ‘Nemo’.
Damn man, just when I thought Bryan and Sheamus stole the show. Even with Punk’s slip ups this was a solid ass match!
Gracie sighed she could see that Denise was not interested and was about to walk out when she thought of Melissa.
Hundreds of thousands of people thronged the capital Kuala Lumpur to participate in Bersih 3.0, peaceful sit-in by accessing various routes, as early as the night before the historic day, in a bid to bypass the roadblocks or any other form of “preventative” attempt taken by the authorities.
6. Gokseong
“I am sickened and alarmed at the increase in serious cases of animal abuse and neglect across our region,” Griffo said, referring to recent cases of a West Utica man who was charged after dead and starving dogs were found in his apartment, as well as a Utica couple accused of neglecting and starving their pet mink.
that’s Bets on the left and me on the right (what’s up with my hair?)
“The Department faces major technical challenges in the management of low-level radioactively contaminated mixed waste. Several conflicting regulations and a lack of definitive mixed-waste treatment standards hamper ongoing activities. In addition disposal capacity for mixed waste is expensive and severely limited.” (pg. 6-7).
I served this fish with whole wheat noodles and broccoli, and would be a great addition on a salad!
The sentiment is from My Craft Spots Butterfly Kisses. The Twine the a mix of Divine Twine and The Twinery Twine.
My hip is still a bit sore, but it is certainly feeling better as of late.
Danielle Delie, 47, New York, N.Y.
1oz Skyy Dragonfruit Vodka
Businesses that produce goods are more likely to introduce new production or businesses processes as well as new or significantly improved products. This is a result of considerable research and development that takes place. According to the research, while manufacturing makes up only about 11% of GDP, it is responsible for the overwhelming majority of domestic research and development spending by companies. It is this research and development that is a critical component of innovation.
...my new cellphone (my old one accidentally fell in with my nebulizer cups and I boiled/sterilized it with them)! I hate to admit it, but I really did that!
I wish I had the time to write a more profound introduction for each of my recipients. I will keep it short and simple, because, well, it’s almost time for NCSI.
Notable Books for Younger Readers:
- Guess we've yer ma to thank for introducing us. I remember the first time I met her, at that PTA meeting she brought you to. You were only around 9 or 10. I was the principal's secretary, and he'd me there taking notes. I remember after yer ma comin up to me cos we were wearing the same top...she said 'Yer wearin the same top as me. Go home or take it off', and I shot back, ' Go home yerself, and take that wee boy with you. Having him out at this time of night. No da and very little ma I think,' I said to her looking down at you.
Disclaimer : I don’t own the casts, they belongs to God, Shindong belong to himself and his agency. Nari eonni belongs to him. I don’t take any profits of this, nor make money, just to satisfy my wild imagination. Enjoy this!
I bring these points up because I tend to get aggravated whenever someone says to me, "Oh, I could never do that". In response to something our family does differently than theirs. As homeschoolers I hear it a lot meaning be with their own children all day. I really feel bad when they say this in front of their children (or mine). I have realized it also really bothers me because it sounds very final and negative. You don't know what is around the corner if you haven't ruled out things without trying them you have many more options to consider when things change. And things always change.
bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow ....
I regret the lack of impact I and other people have had in getting progress in Sittingbourne town centre. I keep the numerous documents the Council has produced over the last 10 years as a reminder.
07. Burn Notice (prod. by Anno Domini)
The Energies of May
While band were on hiatus during the 1990s, McLennan released four consistently strong solo albums, all of which I'd recommend unreservedly.
And yesterday, both of my orders came!
Cancer patients have heightened needs for diets free of toxic chemicals and full of cancer-fighting nutrients. Diet and nutrition may improve both a cancer patient’s chances for recovery and the patient’s quality of life during treatment.
Oh me Oh my
“Why would I do that?” I say.
I took a deep breath and said, “Kindness. I’m going to talk about kindness.”
Of course, the repro was the blue box. To our, then 20th century, gaze it was small, neat, tidy. And so pretty!
Since then I’ve been in daily contact with my b-dad over whatapps and on a weekly basis with my b-mom. After we met them in Canada, they flew over to Belgium for my wedding and got to see how we lived, spend time with their grandchildren and got to meet those dearest to me here.
She with thin form presently drest in black,
She ran downstairs, hoping to see that overnight Christmas had somehow magically arrived and there would be a tree and presents just like before. But there was no tree and no presents. Emily sat down, crying. Why did all these bad things happen to their family? And why didn't Santa come last night? Did he forget that she, Emily still lived here and had sent her Christmas list to him?
“I think the drivers and the engineers enjoy the tricky technical challenge of Barcelona’s Circuit de Catalunya. You really operate your set-up on fine limits around here: every team’s balance is so refined that even the slightest imperfections become highlighted. Get it right and you tend to have a serene afternoon, get it wrong and you’ll be hitting trouble, and traffic, throughout the race.
Self Management Challenges and Tips to overcome them:
I am loving running my hand over Maggie's freshly bathed and brushed silky fur. Eating homemade turtle cheesecake for breakfast while reading a novel and listening to the rain.
And to be Bright and Twinkling when he comes home. Not scowling and hurrumping like Eeyore.
And then there were four!
The album many of my friends said he became Prince again. Before this album, he had already dropped the symbol and went back to calling himself Prince. My friends were actually referring to the music, especially the song “Black Sweat”. On this song, he uses his signature falsetto with the lines, “I don’t want to take my clothes off…but I do.” Also, he promises his love interest she’ll be screaming like a white lady at the count of three.
I don't think that I could have had two weeks' worth of guest posts without hosting Mr Adam Christopher - friend and debut author with Angry Robot in the very near future. I was one of the privileged beta readers of Empire State, and know how much of it has been influenced by great noir novels, so I invited Adam to talk about five of his favourite non-genre books.
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease one 9x5x3 inch loaf pan.
My heart my mother my heart my mother
The best part of Feb was going down to Utah for Brian's cousin Todd's wedding. We visited friends, and family and the wedding was lovely. It was great to be in the Temple with Brian's family, and we're so glad we could come down and be there! Here are a few pictures from the reception. The food was delicious, and Brian was on some kick of doing the Godfather.
7-9pm, Granta Bar, ground floor, University Centre, Granta Place, off Mill Lane. The bar is no longer serving, but we collect drinks from the Cafe on the top floor and use the bar space.
I surrender to this love
After some time inland, I started missing the ocean, so I made my way back to the Pacific. Montezuma was next on the list. It was more of a traditional paradise…gorgeous deserted beaches and waterfalls for showering – you know…that sort of thing. Most importantly though, here is where I met Jens and Esther, a young married couple from Germany that I have stayed in touch with until this day. (I even went to visit them in Germany a few years ago). Rather than feeling like a third wheel, it felt like we’d known each other for ages and not just days. We ended up traveling and rooming together for over a week and I will always remember their impact on my Costa Rican experience fondly.
Experience Big River… Win Tickets to Mockingbird!
Journal fragment:
12-11-2008
Out of curiosity — what are those awkward questions that the people in your life always ask, and how do you respond? Comment and let us know!
Bukowski’s fiction has been described as a ‘detailed depiction of a certain taboo male fantasy: the uninhibited bachelor, slobby, anti-social, and utterly free,’ an image he tried to live up to with sometimes riotous public poetry readings and boorish party behavior.
(spoken language is French with english subtitles available)
Qasr el Wizz is also the only site of Medieval Nubia from where a complete codex has been discovered. It concerns an apocryphal text in Coptic, published in Hungarian and German by the Hungarian scholar Peter Hubai. A similar text in Old Nubian has been found at Serra East, from where come also another Old Nubian text on the cross identified with the homonymous pseudo-Chrysostomian homily, as well as a text on the cross by pseudo-Cyril of Jerusalem, also in Coptic. All these manuscripts are written on parchment and have been more or less published adequately. However, I am not aware of any image of a single leaf thereof that can be found on the Net…
Has God given you a vision that is yet unfulfilled? If that vision is born of God, He will raise it up in His own way. Do not try to raise the vision in your own strength. Like Moses, who tried to fulfill the vision of freeing the Hebrews by killing the Egyptian, it will only fail. But wait on your heavenly Father to fulfill the vision. Then you will know that it was His vision when He fulfills it in the way only He can do.
Welcome to my stop on the HOP everyone! I'm so very excited to show you a really fun card I made using these NEW Studio Calico Stamps! I've used 3 of the fabulous background Clings and one Clear set. I just LOVE them ALL!!!
sometimes playdate teaches you a thing or two.
Contestant: Jelly.
Minister: Alright, what about speeding up the death penalty procedures and executing more of the worst criminals? Surely that would be popular?
November: Council of the Economic Advisers (CEA) Chairman Greg Mankiw explains that any “legislation to reform GSE regulation should empower the new regulator with sufficient strength and credibility to reduce systemic risk.” To reduce the potential for systemic instability, the regulator would have “broad authority to set both risk-based and minimum capital standards” and “receivership powers necessary to wind down the affairs of a troubled GSE.” (N. Gregory Mankiw, Remarks At The Conference Of State Bank Supervisors State Banking Summit And Leadership, 11/6/03)
Can feel the knife taking out the bones of the prize salmon.
The wood is black, the wood is white,
Look, I'm the queen of making small talk when I have to be. I can find something to talk about with a brick wall. That doesn't mean I want to. I believe everyone should have a 'social use' word limit and if you go over, you should shut the hell up for the rest of the day. Now, I'm not complaining because people spoke to me. I'm pissed because two different people TOUCHED me today. On purpose. Strangers. That is so off putting I don't know what to do with myself.
One quoted Kurt Vonnegut: 'We are here to help each other through this thing, whatever it is.' One reader waxed Spock-like, 'Live long and prosper'. NostrodamusNOT said: 'You got the wrong planet...Get yourself an agent and a free transfer to another solar system'.
Me: First off, the rat poison story has no evidence other than her word. People can be excellent liars. And even if the story were true, if she was not a Christian, then why did she not die? Only disciples of Jesus with the utmost faith could drink poison and live, not someone not of the faith, so your example is moot. As well, if you really do have faith in Jesus, then do as that girl did and drink rat poison. According to her and Jesus, you should be fine. Do it. If you don’t believe that it can be done when you do it, then you don’t have 100% faith in Jesus Christ, your own Lord and Saviour. “I’m sure that if god wanted to give me the power to withstand cyanide in a way that would expand his kingdom and bring glory to him then he would.” He would be expanding his kingdom, because I would become a believer on the spot, but you won’t, because you know that if you drink rat poison or cyanide, you will either die a very slow death or live and be rushed to the hospitals where doctors, not god, would save you, but I’m sure you would chalk it up to your imaginary friend anyway.
So she hissed at me again and disappeared until her daddy came home..
If you were the main character of a book, what genre would it be?
Did it look like the photo/drawing on the pattern envelope once you were done sewing with it?
“Routes may end up changing to accommodate the security situation present at that time. Motorcades that are being used for this event, probably aren’t going to be finalized until right before the event, and then once their finalized right before the event, they may all change.” said Zoufal.
Last Saturday we stopped at Trader Joe's in Madison for a few necessities (and a few indulgences). Although I rarely buy cut flowers, I'm always tempted by their beautiful, reasonably priced bouquets. And when I saw they had small bunches of daffodils for only $1.69, I couldn't resist.
We have the greenhouse on drip irrigation, fertilize with 8-4-4 organic fertilizer, bone meal and fish compost. Little boy pee diluted 10:1 is a great amendment as well.....We plan to winter our layers in this greenhouse with access to outside (back their henhouse in under cover for the winter) ...which should make for some rich soil!
As I shared this experience with friends and family, one friend wrote back and said: “At my swearing-in, the judge said… ‘Even if the lady next door isn’t as welcoming as the Statue of Liberty, this process is built on welcoming each of you to your new home country. As this becomes your new country, remember your old home country with love, and remember to make this new home a better place. My grandfather came here as a construction worker, and here I am a federal judge. This is what this country is about.’ I was pretty psyched. I hope your swearing-in was special too.”
Shining Tears (PS2)
with blind insemination
this is the header script:
We are going to make what we need ourselves, the photo shows Nick loading his atv with timber ready to assemble his workstation in situ.
3. Our Mother Is Alive
"Riding the Ridge at Rimrock"
Manila – Banaue – Sagada
Graves said nothing can account for the difference between the small number of Conservatives who received calls directing them to the wrong polling station and the larger number of opposition supporters.
According to a breakdown of the spending submitted to Scopa, R10m was spent on 41 Golf 5 GTI 2.0 vehicles, 14 BMWs were leased at a cost of R3.5m, and another R3.2m was spent on Golfs and Nissan Navaras acquired in the 2009/2010 financial year. …
The relationship between mental disorders & different types of crime. Useful research abstract from last year here: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/cbm.819/abstract
What we need:
(a thing about me none of you know... I was fined at college for damage to the floor of my room. I was stripping-down a Laycock-De Normanville overdrive out of an MGB, and I had to drive a bearing off the mainshaft, and I, er, forgot to put a sacrificial bit of wood between it and the floor.. It was a lovely thing, an epicyclic gearbox. In later years I had one in a Volvo 240. Oh how I love gears.)
who don’t spit no seed
Find a way out of his darkness
Although, they only lived a block apart…. the cars travel around town for 30 minutes, I guess to kill time and to get on my nerves. When we finally arrive at the new apartment, there is another red carpet that we need to follow. This time we have an elevator..(thank god) once in the new apartment, there is another tea ceremony for his parents. Tea is drank and money is exchanged. Then it is time for lunch.
Seven of us went and on the way over we laughed at the thought of going inside the house and scaring them if one of the doors was open to the house.... Then we pulled up and sure enough! The side entry door was totally open. Now it was no longer a prank, but a secret mission! We took off our shoes and tip toed upstairs. The house was three levels, and they were in the basement. We devised a plan and then took this pick in an upstairs bedroom...
* Provides rare Armormech, Synthweaving and Cybertech materials, and companion gifts.
How can the God of Love,
One of those giant decorated chocolate chip cookies? - Oh, just not quite cute enough.
Make it easier to find that special piece to complement your outfit! Here are some tips to organize your jewelry:
9. Profanation
On Saturday night, after a good 25-30 samples of some serious beer, I got drunk. There is a note in my little pink notebook after sample 15 (Fuller's London Pride) which says, "I'm starting to feel a little buzzed, finally". Who would have thought that I was just about at the half way point.
And look – it even works with sushi.
Challenge: You don’t have enough time, you are spread to thin and/or you don’t delegate much
When they are that little and learning, when they want to do it, the opportunity has to be there!!
Here are the questions Tom asked:
Now let’s warm ourselves by the artLedge...
Here's a quiet five minutes in an otherwise rushed week - time enough to do a long overdue post.
(yes, we call ourselves a commune… its a long story)
Good morning, lovelies! Happy Saturday to you! Any big plans this weekend? As you're reading this I am probably at my 12-hour crop at Archiver's. Woo hoo! Can you imagine all the creativity flowing? =D
Vishal Dadlani: Aamir coulda made 3 Cr. a day for any kinda TV show. He CHOSE to make his airtime worthwhile. May his tribe increase. #satyamevajayate.
And now, we're talking about making a trip to Texas here soon. Hopefully this time we can hit up everyone... who knows, right?
Who is this talking? Whose commandments are these? The Ten Commandments are “thecommandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.” Rev. 14:12.
Our anniversary trip to Kaua`i was everything we have dreamed of and more. It was even better than our honeymoon 3 years ago! Here are some of the highlights:
What I’m looking forward to: Being able to walk without getting a contraction.
US hostage Weinstein sends a message to Obama in al Qaeda video
It might be somewhat brutal for me to admit it, but I loved that feeling. I loved the loathing that suddenly filled my heart, it made me feel like I had nothing left to lose, because I had already lost everything, it filled me with such hateful motivation that I no longer felt weak, it gave me control. I seized that control and that loathing and on that day I made a vow, that I would never, ever, allow myself to be that vulnerable again and that I would never, ever, let someone break me. Never Ever.
The head monk said, “That doesn’t surprise me. All you’ve done is complain since you got here.”
2 c. unbleached all-purpose flour
Pendragon: Rise, gentlemen. Why have you summoned me?
Another factor, about which I wrote a few weeks ago, is the risk of people squandering the Labour vote either by not bothering to vote, or by voting for the minor parties, or for idiots like George Galloway, in protest at Labour’s perceived shortcomings. Or simply because, like me, they think Miliband is a useless bugger. It won’t take many results like Bradford to ensure Cameron is the come-back kid in 2015.
Excitedly, I settled on a new eye-liner, REVLON Luxurious Color in Sueded Brown, and stocked up on my newest favorite mascara L’OREAL Voluminous Million Lashes. Seriously; if it’s good enough for Gwen Stefani…. Anyway, for me, I am always really confused about eye-shadow. That’s where Amanda came in. After perusing CVS’s enormous selection, we decided to try Milani’s RUNWAY Eyes in Fashionista Pinks. But Amanda always has this little bit of sparkle, so we also tossed Milani’s Peaches & Cream sparkly shadow into our cart as well.
Last few weeks ago, while my family and I having
There are such a lot of blogging police about these days, telling us 'how to' and 'how not to', but when all's said and done, I reckon the majority of us blog what we like. And that, in my opinion, is exactly how it should be. I've had people emailing me in the past, telling me how to improve or change my blog, what I should write about, what I shouldn't, but all their emails get deleted into the ether, because frankly, this is my blog, not theirs.
“He that will not apply new remedies must except new evils, for time is the greatest innovator.” (Francis Bacon)
So get your act together people. Learn some theater etiquette. (Click here if you are clueless.) Spend those few extra minutes to make the experience pleasant for all or stay home so the rest of us can enjoy it.
the weather
patterned paper: library ledger pack, scrap from my minds eye for butterfly
BTW - while I was driving south on the Turnpike I spotted a billboard with a picture of a cartoon sheep on it. I saw it about a minute too late and wasn't able to take in the whole thing, but I think it was an advertisement for a yarn store. Does anyone know of which billboard I speak or where said yarn-store might be? Anyone, want to take a road trip to find out?
After a very busy Saturday I wanted to keep it nice and simple - both in activity and attire.
when they saw that the Gospel to the Uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the Gospel to the Circumcision was unto Peter (for He that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the Circumcision, that Same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles) . . . (2:7-8)
and each leaf is individual, above the gravestones
This product is suitable for all skin types which is why it's particularly good as a Christmas present, and it's pretty versatile. You can either apply a thick layer to your face and neck after cleansing, put your feet up for 10-15 minutes, and remove with a muslin cloth soaked in warm water, then cleanse. Or just leave it on overnight which is what I've been doing as my skin was so dry with the sudden change of weather. In fact this applied to any problem area and left on overnight is really wonderful. It is just gorgeous, natural and soothing.
to tospyturvey or not to tospyturvey
I think it's healthy and a GREAT way to "see the world" and connect all kinds of things, places, times, actors, literary forms, composers, dialects... Little Shop of Horrors (the musical, which they all know) is written by (and similar to in many aspects) the guys who did The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast (and in part, Aladdin, I think). They're conversant in a lot of comparison/contrast ways on those subjects.
So a few weeks ago we participated in Pat's Run. It is a 4.2 mile race with 30,000 people.
October 5 – Westminster Abbey, what an incredible place to visit. We paid the fee for the little hand held phones that give you the audio tour, and I definitely suggest getting it. We spent a lot of time there reading the engravings. We also went to Covent Garden, where I shopped at Lush…I bought ballistics, soaps, shampoos, deodarants, and lots of gifts, I had 3 huge shopping bags of Lush items, so we went back to the hotel. We took it easy and wandered around our area, and had lunch at La Bouchee, a French restaurant in So. Kensington, where the food was definitely delicious, reasonably priced, and the service was excellent. My son and I went to Bloomsbury that evening and had dinner at Malibar Junction on Great Russell Street, approximately 1 block from the British Museum. That is our favorite restaurant, the price is perfect, the service is excellent, and if you like Indian food, it is the best we have had yet! After dinner my son and I wandered around Oxford Street, window shopping and stopping for some coffee before going back to our hotel.
I am sure all this kitsch attachment to the antlers, and while on the topic I can hardly bring myself to mention the man sized pop up inflatable reindeer that is ready and waiting to burst upon our unsuspecting neighbours, is because secretly Husband and I are both mourning the Christmases of our youth. Because if you are by birth a Northern Hemisphere person then Christmas is indivisibly associated with dark evenings with houses lit up like advent calendars, cold, snow, rain, Christmas lights, and fir trees . I really love our Southern Hemisphere Christmas with morning swims on the beach, heat and sun, palm trees and a glorious mix of a lunch with oysters, sushi, roast potatoes, turkey, salads, Christmas pudding and ice cream cake, but somehow it just doesn’t feel the same. Though as Sydney is having its coldest December for 50 years, and the rain is lashing down with particular ferocity as I type, I have to admit I am beginning to feel we might be in for more of a traditional UK Christmas than I would actually like – so just keep those antlers crossed that the sun shines for a traditional Aussie day.
So yes, before i get on to my candy! woohoo!! here's my final card!
Don't you think it looks gorgeous: the graphic tree, the lovely birdies, the great pastels in the black background...aaaahhhh!
But there are some borrowers for whom the cash flow reinvestment strategy might make sense. One is the borrower who is eligible for but not currently utilizing IRA, 401(k) or other qualified tax-deductible or tax-deferred plans. Borrowers who use their cash flow savings to invest in these vehicles, who would not do so otherwise, can earn a very high rate of return because of the tax benefits. If the borrower’s employer makes matching contributions, the return is even higher.
Sooo... what I am walking away with is that not only is it beneficial for me to take care of myself, but that in taking care of others, there is both a physical and spiritual benefit that brings spiritual, emotional and physical peace and balance. That not only do I need to take the 5-HTP, or Holy Basil (as I am taking now), and resuming my walks and eating well, but the lack of pouring out and living as a true follower of Jesus has caused me to grow spiritually fat, the side effects of which sicken my whole being. It's as if I have come to understand the fullness of even the "benefits" of walking out my faith... that Jesus has taken to account every single detail... "that we might have life and have it to the fullest"... that's what he meant!! Even if our circumstances are terrible, that in the spirit, in our hearts, minds and emotions that we might have a fullness that supercedes all the crap in our flesh, and the focus of our flesh.
"It is noteworthy that the professional people who represent these criminals are not here today. Behind closed doors, they promise to curb the violence but they won’t commit out in the open.”
My favorite park at Disney World is Epcot! The countries are so much fun plus there's food, shopping and more food. Over the week, we ate in Mexico, Norway, China, France, and Italy and drank in Mexico, Italy, France, Germany, and the UK. It's so worth it to go back to Epcot for dinner as often as you can! My favorite ride, Soarin', is also in Epcot.
Enter the Brentford United FA (Football Association) whose members have been contracted to win every single game of their season and achieve the coveted FA Cup, lest their football field be sold off to a land developer. Since the team’s plummeting streak has held solid since the 1920′s, there seems to be little chance of saving their beloved club. But the stakes end up being far more dire. And even as the team acquires a new captain empowered to propel them to victory, member begin falling by the wayside, only to be replaced with members of a traveling circus. Still, Brentford United must win, because the alternative is the end of the world.
Here's what we dined on with silent, sleeping children upstairs...
$130 in store and online in Australia
This means your closets, drawers, pantry, etc. Just focus on one if it’s too overwhelming to consider them all. Pick one closet that would greatly improve your life if it was not stuffed to the rafters. Spend 30 minutes (or two hours) pulling down everything and deciding whether it’s giveaway, throw away or keep. If it’s throwaway, put it in a trashbag and take it out of the house. If it’s giveaway, put it in the car to take to a charity, or call a charity right away for pick-up. Or list it on Freecycle. Whatever. Just get rid of it instantly, so you don’t start thinking about what you banished and let it creep back in . Aim to have at least one shelf completely clear. Remember that Feng Shui thing I said before about keeping an open shelf.
SH: Yep. You just do what you want to do.
Years later I was reading a book to my daughter that had dinosaur colors on one side and then you flipped the book over and it had dinosaur numbers on the other side. It occurred to me that, while this type of book format (which I now know is called Tête-bêche) was interesting, this particular book didn't take the concept all the way. After all, they just stuck two books together. So I had a flash of inspiration that you could use this format to tell one story from two different perspectives and I even came up with the title in the same breath. It took me a few days to realize that this would be the perfect vehicle for Mr Pants, cast as a stand-in for my kids.
The settlement agreement prevents either side from taking further legal action in the case. It is not an admission of liability by the city.
This salad has a small story to it. It was the first food I prepared for myself after being in a major car accident seven years ago. I was still on crutches but out of the hospital, and an occupational therapist was helping me learn how to get around a kitchen with my injuries. She had me make a version of this salad as a project, to get me used to doing everyday tasks again.
Ripped from a 12" vinyl single released on Arista Records (CLIP 121) in 1981 to high quality lossless FLAC audio.
SEAN: If it could be any author living or dead, I would choose either Emerson or Twain. They really speak my language and I think they would be a fun bunch to hang out with.
Think: What else do April showers bring? April showers bring May fever. April showers bring May pollen. April showers bring May trips to the garden center for ________________, _______________, and _______________. What other thoughts come to mind about May?
in the guise of noble guileless precision
Sign here
Public have their say on how criminals payback
I've been informed that my OU module materials will be sent out in mid December. I've read A Burial at Thebes now and didn't enjoy it as much as Doctor Faustus. I've also read a few of the stories in the anthology and one poem in the poetry book. I don't really do poetry so I'm not looking forward to that in the course. All I can do now is wait until the materials come through, and wait again for the start of the course in February. I knew I should have signed up for October!! Unfortunately I just missed the sign up deadline.
Mattison DR, Bogumil J, Chapin R, Hatch M, Hendrix A, Jarrell J, Labarbera A, Schrader S, Selevan S. Reproductive Toxicology of Pesticides. Chapter 6 in Advances in Modern Environmental Toxicology. Baker and Wilkinson, Princeton Scientific Publishers. 1990.
Also I'm featuring some of my favorite blue things too! So be sure and link back here for Blue Monday, at; http://smilingsally.blogspot.com/
They are afraid to use any ingredient that might add flavor to one of their precious concoctions as it might also taint its virtue.
8. The Secret Garden - Burnett (1911)
Eh, there's more but why bother? I still have to go make 2 more pans of brownies (I already made 1 pan and 4 dozen chocolate chip cookies), 2 loaves of bread, organize my coupons, fold some laundry...blah blah blah.
A DIFFERENT WHOLE PAYCHECK EMPLOYEE: Ma'am? (just as an aside, when exactly did I become a ma'am, y'all?) Are you the lady looking for gluten-free pasta options?
The Director of Veterinary Services, Dr Philemon Motsu, says they will not allow farmers in the Bobirwa district to sell cattle that were not vaccinated against foot and mouth disease last year to local butcheries and the Botswana Meat Commission.
We have been doing a bit of work over the last 3 weeks pruning trees and just general garden maintenance.
Did I mention I now have an Etsy shop? No? Ah well, then I clearly won't have mentioned that there is 20% off all my products until the 31st of January will I? That means 20% off notebooks such as these:
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. Romans 15:13, NIV
The vampire and human leaders are killed. Cassandra is missing. Daniel is the acting king. Desperate to find the princess, Daniel and his friends fight their way across the besieged city. With the hopes of the free world resting on the shoulders of four vampire teenagers, væmpires unleash their secret weapons: a new breed of væmpire that is far deadlier than any ever seen before.
Imagine!
But we both know that's bullshit.
Selling Price Now: $3 .50 per set
Here are my own instructions to creating a heart chain.
G. Washington
We played scrabble in teams. Except for one member who we made play without a partner. Because she has all the two letter words from the Scrabble dictionary memorized. Did you know that "Jo" means sweetheart?
Phone: 0113 248 4288
as you stumble through the forest of signs?
So don't wait, they won't last long. CamelCamelCamel is a website I use to price check items. Camel says that this is THE lowest price these dutch ovens have ever been (Camel's history goes back to 2008.)
Iris
And who knew there were so many ways to serve it? According to the serving suggestions on the package, it is not only great as an accompaniment to bacon and eggs (although a bit redundant), it makes a great topper on baked potatoes, or for lunch served on a hamburger bun. The inside label contains the MacSween Original Award Winning Recipe for Haggis Nachos. Who knew haggis was so versatile?
Fight Club turns 10 this month, did you know that? Fight Club is a bundle of kickassomeness, but its anti-consumerist message can be a bit heavy-handed at times. I'm looking at you "blow up a franchise coffee bar AND destroy a piece of corporate art" scene. Free of the gluttonous abandon and spending free-for-all of the dot-com boom, the theme is starting to wear a bit dated, but it still has a few juicy morsels to take away from it, morsels which our friends at Jeep have chosen to piss all over.
and it brought back another lifetime.
This is not to equate morally “romance novels” with the grave soul destruction of pornography. But it is worth asking, “Is what I’m consuming leading me toward contentment with my spouse (or future spouse) or away from it? Is it pointing me to the other in one-flesh union or to an eroticized embodiment of my own desires? Is this the mystery or a mirage?
Remember readers, my most important rule is to...
“The terror risk facing South Africa’s World Cup does not originate from such relatively small and isolated rebel and political groups. There are in any case no such groups operating in South Africa. Route and venue security and the saturation policing likely to be employed by the South African police during the World Cup will also leave very little scope for such a relatively small scale ‘machine-gun’ assault to be carried out. South Africa’s security forces have proven themselves to be very adept at securing major events from petty crimes or other amateur security threats.
1 lines
For me, Buddhism is a psychological 'lens' for being skilfully present in the world and attempting not to fall into the traps and delusions of the ego – in other words, seeing the limitations of our habitual way of being in the world, and making choices based on an awareness that everything we think, say and do has consequences, and choosing response rather than reaction (I say again this is aspirational, but meditation and a commitment to mindfulness do keep the aspiration in view!). Through this lens I also practise a path that includes both gnostic/arcane and mystical elements.
its the advertising that made me do it
I need the culprits. Now.
I have acquired a decent stack of free blank dvds and cd's.
THE FUNDING PROBLEM
So we resolutely bought a kennel, for housebreaking. No more vinegar, not in our new house. This puppy, whoever he was, would stay crated when he wasn't in the yard.
Date added
I am very proud of my daughter for making this journey. I am even prouder that she spent the last mile and a half of our walk asking me all about what happens to people when they have cancer. Needless to say this walk made a bigger impact on her this year than it did last year. I think it made a bigger impact on me as well.
Ten submissions have been chosen from proposals put forward by local authorities.
And then, (it was just ere sunrise,) these eyes rested on him for the
Stains and dyes from plants, animals, soil and other materials were used to paint the masks, some of them being quite strange combinations such as blood, coal and urine mixed together.
Me: A wha...
This sort of politics is not only ineffective (look at the growing rift), but it seems to me, to be in direct conflict with the AFN's own Charter.
It occurred to me that walking aids aren't for when one no longer can walk at all, but rather to make it easier to walk and less tiring. Ken was right, time for a wheelchair. We didn't buy one, because we need more information before we make that huge purchase. We are renting one for 2 months. After we got it, we went to Omega in Downers Grove for lunch, picked up Bella and then Ken wheeled us through the park by our house. It was a beautiful day.
Today, the Far East is an attractive and exotic destination for holiday makers. A multitude of different races seem to exist, apparently in mutual tolerance of each others ideologies. A common cultural feature is the dominance of Dharmic religions such as Buddhism, Hinduism, Zoroastrianism, and Sikhism. Modern Asian territories and regions conventionally included under the term ‘Far East’ are China, Japan, Mongolia, Korea, Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, and also Eastern Russia.
Close the bowl with a lid and chill in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
Hey, I know what your first question is going to be, “But David, you can’t sell someone else’s soul to the Prince of Darkness.” Silly commie liberal, you don’t understand the business concept of “leverage” or other modern investment strategies like those used by Bain Capital.
1John 5:8: And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.
Another yellow Post-It note in Writer informs me that I may not want to refer to Rammy as being an angel this early in the story, that I may want to keep an ‘air of mystery’ longer. After reading that note I immediately thought to myself, ‘then why did you title the chapter so, dumbarse?’ Then I read the second part of the yellow Post-It note which said, ‘also, note the chapter’s title.’ Yeah, so whose the dumabarse now, future-self?
I had bought some drawer pulls but then decided that I just didn't really like them.
Susan May Warren is the RITA award-winning author of over thirty novels with Tyndale, Barbour, Steeple Hill and Summerside Press. A four-time Christy award finalist, a two-time RITA Finalist, she’s also a multi-winner of the Inspirational Readers Choice award, and the ACFW Carol Award. A seasoned women’s events speaker, she’s a popular writing teacher at conferences around the nation and the author of the beginning writer’s workbook: From the Inside-Out: discover, create and publish the novel in you!. She is also the founder of www.MyBookTherapy.com, a story-crafting service that helps authors discover their voice. Susan’s next book The Baroness comes out in 2012.
Then we will past the torch to the children, grandchildren and them to theirs.
P.s it’s even better the second time!
Wednesday October 3
Um, problem is, an orphan and an orphan ministry usually doesn't have that kind of cash laying around. And so, we all began to pray and God began to answer those prayers...
All in all it was a great birthday, but now I cringe when someone asks how old I am! ;)
They should consider a strategic and honourable withdrawal now. Any future occupations, wherein they will be able to bring their case and arguments back to public consciousness, would be more credible. At the moment the public are presently fatigued by this stale news item and are anticipating the inevitable violent conclusion that usually involves riot police etc.
All pictures courtesy of: www.glamsham.com
This story made me think. And it still haunts me.
What makes them the “expert” on this subject??
Embattled city Comptroller John Liu’s campaign treasury “is turning into a legal-defense fund.”
The seat of Hougang was left vacant after its ex-WP MP Yaw Shin Leong was sacked from WP for his failure to address swirling rumors about his alleged extra-marital affairs with multiple married women, including a neighbor from China which is a ‘first’ in the history of Singapore.
And lest you think that we have been ignoring our blog while on holiday, I will let you in on a secret. Emma has been busy photographing like mad the entire trip, for an upcoming series of posts on the blog featuring knits made by my mother and grandmother in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. Be sure to stay tuned, as the Southwestern theme continues! And remember folks:
OK–enough of that.
Act Three begins in the same stage configuration left in the first act but the lights are darker, everything looks cold and desolate, ghastly. Several open graves almost wait for the last survivors to be buried. Death dominates life! Gurnemanz is tired on his/male side of the stage, while Kundry, breathing heavily, is the only one on the female side. Parsifal will soon arrive, dressed like a Tibetan monk, with a Holy Spear in his hands.
Best Coast- The Only Place (there’s a lot of hullaballoo about this duo)
- water : over 2 liters
I smeared castoreum and muskrat musk in the moss, and the lures worked their magic.
Reeking of favouritism I hear you say.....ppphhhhht to that I say! Here's a big hooray to individuality!!
And here the incipient night appears to reveal for an instant its silent secrets.
For I’m a Thinking Cap!”
Most people in my office seem to be suffering a chronic hypothermia that requires them to constantly fiddle with the thermostat until the room becomes a sauna. I’m originally from Miami, and grew up there in the days before air-conditioning. I appreciate a nice draft as welcome refreshment. You can even put me near the door if you want to; it’ll make it that much easier to slip out five minutes early at the end of the day.
06/18/2007 120.06
Garcia said that since the drug violence went through the roof over the last three to four years, he has seen a significant upsurge in salvations, healings, deliverances, miracles, church growth, unity between pastors and cooperation among churches, especially where unity and cooperation hadn’t existed before. The church he planted three years ago in Monterrey has grown from eight to 80.
Shabana Mahmood
Somewhere up ahead, dancing in and out of the seaweed...
Scottish schools go back soon - apologies for the reminder... So, now seems like a good time to remind you of the idea for schools that I suggested here.
Hosted by Moody Radio and in partnership with many others passionate about spiritual awakening, we’re excited to bring you this live radio event beginning on the National Day of Prayer and continuing Thursdays in May.
It is my prayer that this book truly blesses those who read it. I have fallen in love with the women who are woven through the pages of the Word. Although these letters are fictionalized, I hope that the words these women have penned “from their hearts” touch yours, too.
Eg. Baby O is 6.7 kg, his min daily intake should be 670 ml, max 1005ml, in a 24 hour cycle. As I’m doing a mix of breast milk & formula, I find that the amount Baby O takes will tend towards max, usually exceeding by 200ml per day. However, during the 3rd month as I gave more formula, it was well within the stipulated intake.
However, there also are other, much stronger motives: South African dairy farmers are being murdered at a proportionally very high rate compared to the rest of the population.
So, now that it has officially ended and I have gone back to work three days a week, I'm surprised about how positive it's all feeling.
Design Team Call
I wrap my shawl tight around my thin, pale, shoulders... steel my body from your wooing
Here is the easiest way that I can explain how we get to Machu Picchu on the cheap. A slight variance will depend on your bargaining skills and tolerance for sitting some extra hours. Our exact route is shown below:
As is very often the case, it was the unintentional ministrations of my daughter that pulled me out of my funk. Her laughter and cheerfulness, to be exact. She was asking me questions, and making observations about the geese and the dogs and the rocks on the water's edge. She giggled and held my hand. She spoke to me of many things that matter to the mind and heart of a child. She made jokes, and laughed.
Sweet Thing...OMGosh! She fit into a size 8 WOMEN'S shoe!! It took awhile to find a pair for church that were flat vs the heels. She also got a pair of tennis shoes in size 8.5!
50/50
Well i hope i havent bored you all,off to link up now and go visit some blogs before work,x
I'm still drowning.
The source for the script was not a PDF, but a txt document. A "txt" document prints out tiny unless you copy and paste it into a word document. I did. In that format it turns into 424 pages of script formatted "txt" aka "hot mess"...and I read it ... all of it. I am admittedly a member of the "procrastinating bum" class, but I don't feel anything is gained when we shortcut the process.
I try to forget
"Bishop Sheen, you have inspired millions of people all over the world. Who inspired you? Was it a Pope?"
Thursday our daughter had a GO Far, an after school running club, meeting and then she auditioned for the school talent show. In the meantime, my husband renewed our phone contract and got the boys and ourselves new phones (LG Cosmos - we now have Qwerty keyboards and unlimited texting!). So last night was spent setting up preferences and playing to see how it all works. Everyone is delighted. The only problem is they all look alike, so I'm looking for some covers (cases) to individualize us.
As you know, Katie has really been struggling lately, and I haven't been able to get her to talk about it. We went to the cemetery to visit Jill's grave today. We brought her some fresh flowers, and we sat under the big oak tree next to her grave on the hillside. Jill picked that spot on purpose, because she knew that Katie and I would like sitting under that tree. Sitting at the base of the tree, you can look out beyond the cemetery walls and see the mountains off in the distance, and listen to the peaceful sounds of the birds nesting in its branches. Katie and I have had some of our best talks there under that tree. Today was one of them.
So, there's my mystery. Who left this nice chicken bone sitting on the side of the road? Were they waiting to see if it would get to the other side?
It was only after 2006, when Pakistan again allowed their territory to be a sanctuary for jihadis, and after 2007, when our surge finally defeated al Qaeda in Iraq and led al Qaeda to refocus on Afghanistan as their main fight, that we needed to do more to keep Afghanistan in the win column. Bush ordered more troops to Afghanistan and then Obama ordered even more. With a Pakistan sanctuary we needed more troops used more aggressively to pound the enemy down, and we needed a bigger Afghan security apparatus to keep the enemy down.
Rural areas are not known for poor minorities. Rural areas have this odd habit of fostering community, hard-work, accountability, and neighborly charity. Urban areas simply do not promote or foment such attitudes.
Visit the Will Norton Page on Facebook to learn more about how you can honor Will, celebrate his life, and contribute to the ongoing rebuilding efforts in Joplin.
Do I think it’s a coincidence that I heard the use of the phrase “apple of your eye” twice in two days? No. There are very few coincidences in the life of a child of God. I like to call these reminders of God’s omnipresence “God-Incidents,” for I believe He reveals Himself to us in big ways and small ways. The big ways are more easily recognized because they’re, well, BIG. It’s sometimes easy to miss the small ways, so you must be vigilant and watchful. Some of the most meaningful lessons God has taught me are through that “still, small voice” in which He speaks to me.
Scotty’s Brewhouse Downtown is celebrating the Indians season with the official beer, Sun King Indians Lager. You can come by every Wednesday evening and get a 48oz pitcher for only $9! Scotty’s Lakehouse is currently pouring Flat 12 Lacto-matic Milk Stout! Come on by and enjoy a 24 Mug of this great Stout every Thursday for only $4! Scotty’s Burger Joint in Columbus has just released a new beer menu! Come on by and check out our new selection. With the new menu you enjoy tasty beers like Triton Rail Splitter IPA or Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale!
res-
STEP 2: MAKE ROYAL ICING AND ICE COOKIES
who lost you
So I have now contacted the baker for my state who is listed above.
Approximately 55 miles northeast of Las Vegas via Lake Mead and through intriguing desert terrain our camper van rumbled through the entrance of the ‘Valley of Fire’. Almost immediately, on either side of road, we were welcomed by enormous crimson rocks clumped together like hot coals in a fireplace. The desert had suddenly become a golden ember!
The poetry I find boring tends to be, but is not exclusively confined to, mainstream in its general direction.
Moving through the door, they were accosted by the sound of lound shrieking, and soon came to a small chamber where a four armed gargoyle had just awakened from stasis. It was angry. The room was mpty except for some chunks and debris of stone rubble over the floor. The gargoyle flew into the highest corner of the room, and prepared to dive bomb. He lashed out once with each of his claws as he made a circuit of the room to end back in the upper corner. Sharia however would stand for none of it, and she threw her skyrender axe, which has the abilty to knock flying creatures out of the sky. Her and the cleric Ria were both surprised to find the shards of rubble they were standing amongst animate and start stabbing into their ankles. The rubble looked like the crumbled remains of other gargoyles.
She also talks about the lack of independent reporting, and how the consolidation of media companies is quickly eliminating a diversity of viewpoints. This leads to tunnel vision or "group-think" in American news reporting, where everyone in the industry is trying to report the same thing and seem eager to report the government view rather than engaging in real reporting and challenging such information. This is what reporting is supposed to be about, but sadly, this is not what is happening in the U.S. right now. This has basically led to a State Run media system in the United States.
Rdio also lets me know that Blonde on Blonde has been playing 11,431 times by other members. I love statistics, so that makes another reason to be partial to Rdio.
Ok, I’ll go first…. I was repeatedly asked this question, especially after the book was published, and honestly, I didn’t know. I just knew that, somehow, I had. But, as time passed and I actually took the time to think about it, it became so obvious – so clear to me. It was the powerful, loving connection I share with my surviving daughters that enabled me to stay strong, endure, and survive. Once I had that figured out, I gained a much better understanding of myself. For thirty+ years I continually strived to be a good mother. You see, giving your baby away destroys your self-worth. However, I am pleased to say I no longer crave to be the “mother of all mothers.” I now happily realize that in the eyes of my daughters, I am!
*”I like her too but Saturday night in the suburbs? That’s when you really want to blow your brains out.”
So, short of completely overhauling our system – which basically would be mean scrapping our constitution and re-writing it (not a bad idea, but a proposal fraught with its own issues of who to write it and how to change it) – what we need is to change the way the people in this country interact with their institutions; government and other.
Maybe she'll be a doctor.
I haven’t cried. Not in two months. I feel like if I let myself cry, he wins, and he can’t win. But I suppose sitting here two months later and writing this automatically means he’s won. I feel like a dementor has taken my soul (another HP reference for you non-nerdlets).
In a crisis, we are prone to set our minds on the desired outcome. We fix our gaze on the preferred result and ask God to accomplish it. That outcome may be good and holy, but as long as it is our hope, we are not focused on Jesus and His kingdom. Jesus asks us to set our minds on God and accept what He accomplishes. The outcome may be exactly the same in both cases; but calm in our hearts will only be a reality in the latter approach. We cannot experience the peace of faith when our eyes see God as a tool to accomplish our purposes. Our eyes can be either on God or on outcomes. Not Both.
New Wave Of New Wave... Or new wave of lets invent another pigeon hole to enable the NME to sell papers !
A nationwide star, the national broadcast of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade on NBC is one of the nation’s most viewed events. Millions of families tune-in from coast-to-coast to watch the telecast hosted by TODAY’s Matt Lauer, Meredith Viera and Al Roker. Airing from 9 a.m. to noon in each of the four time zones in the continental United States, the Thanksgiving Day star power extends to the exclusive performances of some of the hottest Broadway shows including American Idiot, Elf, and Memphis. In addition, the telecast will feature a special performance of NBC’s The Sing Along and the world-famous Radio City Rockettes® will return to kick start the holiday season.
How dare Sen. McCain pretend to speak for the American people. He doesn't speak for me and he never has. He doesn't speak for conservatives.
Cyril Jordan – guitar & vocals
The kids played in a ‘66-80-51’ formation (with 3 goalies), but it wasn't enough to win the game against the Athletic Bilbao, who by the way, won 5-3!
Once we arrived at ONU we put on our winter coats and headed to the football field for some games, rides, food, and the football game. I love this little hat that Trey used to wear - it makes Xavier look like a cute little winter baby.
Is mere existence even worth it? What’s the point of life? If it’s to reproduce, that’s not very productive, since the point of that is pretty much to just keep life in existence. Love? I’m not even sure what love is at this point, since it’s been swallowed and regurgitated so many times by media. Maybe I’m just biased because I’m young and “naive.” I would hope that it’s not money.
Happy 20th Birthday Sister Face!
The first four of those are all by Australian Authors. I had two 5 stars reads (one of which I knew I’d have because I loved it years ago and another one which was a bit of a pleasant surprise).
Chocolate Frosting:
Summation: Love the setting for this place - outdoor plaza seating next to a beautiful cathedral. I had the veggie quesadilla and chicken caesar wrap on separate days for around $7 each. The food isn't amazing, the quesadilla was kind of bland but isn't bad either for the price - could do worse downtown. Definitely leave enough time to stroll through the cathedral and take-in its amazing architecture.
We live, survive, grow and wonder
The Conduit
O, prosper our people, diminish our tears
What advice do you have for other writers, particularly younger ones?
Ban the player? Again, yes. But for how long?
Quick and Delicious Brussel Sprouts
The authors concluded:
If you're interested in obsolete technology, Ontario's classic trillium logo (the door handles on the main doors of the Sandawn Building bear the province's iconic logo), pencil skirts (and other mid-80s office attire), Canadian culture, movies that feature killer computers, bikinis that employ iridescent fabric, big hair, old school computer animation, the city of Hamilton, drum machines, and synthesizers, then, by all means, check out The Tower. However, if you like your films to move at a brisk pace, boast competent acting, and to be filled with mind-blowing special effects, then I recommend you look elsewhere for your tower-based kicks.
Each of us are campaigning hard for the GOP nomination. That's as it should be. Only the best candidate will be able to defeat Barack Obama and bring flying killer robot attacks to a level we can be proud of.
However this book is still worth checking out, and I will be interested to see what Michael Cargill writes in the future!
Flats - I'll rotate between flats and sneakers during the event. Always, always bring a different pair of shoes for each day of any conference. Your feet will thank you.
When you are feeling, really almost any emotion. You can lay down in bed or sit in your chair. Turn on the style of music that suites your state of mind and allow the music to take over. The music soothes the soul and you can relax and meditate.
It's all so very 1970s.
That collection now belongs to my daughter, who began her own love affair with Nancy at about the same age I did. By that time, new titles had been written, so the collection grew. Now, having outgrown Nancy herself, my daughter has packed all the books away...with the hope to one day give them to a daughter of her own. In the meantime, I have gone through the box, and for today's "Feeling Nostalgic" entry, I thought I would share some of my favorite titles. These are photos of my actual books, and as you can see, they are well-worn and in some cases falling apart. (My daughter works at our local library and has done some book-mending there---perhaps I should have her repair some of our books.)
-orange
200g icing sugar
So I made an appointment with my band doctor(there I said it, HA! not a secret anymore!) (some people are going to say band doctor...what the %$@# is that!!! lol) and I also decided it's time to brush myself off and move on regardless of how painful it is to do.
"...a radical approach to improving the effectiveness of philanthropy through extreme charity: it should become a routine activity, he suggested, that anyone receiving a donation should publish in cyberspace exactly what they do with it, all the way along the line until the money reaches its ultimate charitable destination."
GI wise, things are the same. She is on TPN for 22 hours a day. She retches a lot in the morning, but it's not too bad during the day. She manages to keep most meds down now. They started her on Rifaximin for bacterial overgrowth. It's a nasty, thick, orange medication. As long as we give it at a different time than her other meds, she usually keeps most of it down. As a side effect, her poop is bright orange colored which is interesting.
Total Mileage Last Week: 21
Net completion: 262/1500
I didn't take a picture of that page, which makes their suggestions seem more like a mandate than a friendly tip, so the above page will have to suffice for now. I'm sure the other page will make an appearance here sometime in the future, while this one is one of my favorites.
"Look Mum! I can stop!"
Non-custodial parents? When you bring your kids back to their mom/dad at the end of your visitation time, please do us the small courtesy of returning all of the clothes we sent them with. And it would be extra-special-sweet if those clothes were returned washed. Especially sports uniforms. Especially sports uniforms that were worn on muddy fields. Thanks.
I hate to admit it but we have actually bought a few items over the years. No self control. :/
A woman even older than I sits still with her eyes closed,
Baby Steps
Needless to say, I won't be crawling down any tree roots ever again. But it made for a good laugh. We're already planning on going back in May or June. Maybe I've turned over a new leaf :).
And yet, there is breakthrough and blessing at the same time. New friends whom we are growing to love already, a fantastic Church community that is passionate for the poor, the lost, the broken. A supernatural culture in which miracles are expected. On my second weekend here I saw 3 people healed, one of whom was my daughter, who was instantly healed of a neck spasm! Last week 2 more backs healed, just during the worship time! 49 guests signed up for Alpha. It is glorious.
Well if so then you're in luck, because it's the first Saturday of the month -
It all started with the images which had a purplish hue to them. After some inking and distressing, I stitched them onto contrasting mats. And then, it's just a matter of selecting matching papers and embellies.
What should happen this year:
This rant is now officially done. For now.
I hang up the phone and laugh. I almost lost an audition in front of the casting director for a hit TV show because I didn’t have a cello, even though production would be providing one for the shoot? In what world does that make sense?
We were pretty stuffed at this point, but there was one more thing that I needed before we finished up and that was "Deep Fried Ice Cream".
Animal print cardigan, Josephine Chaus - Goodwill
In the early-morning hours of October 15, Mata Hari was awakened and taken by car from her Paris prison cell to an army barracks on the city’s outskirts where she was to meet her fate.
The five pages you attached don't mention either character or any of the plot you cover in the query letter. It's as though you sent five pages that have nothing to do with this query.
“The parents of the victims could not decide on which teachers would be teaching their children. Indeed, they had no reason to so decide as they were entitled to expect that all teachers in the school would uphold the unreserved trust placed in them and adhere to the highest professional and moral standards.”
That means I’ll be training in Column 1 and tonight was my Day 1. I did a total of 13 good form push ups. Yay for me! I know this is going to help me build my arm and core muscles, making me stronger. I am determined to finish this challenge so I can finally do a chin up! But also for myself so that I can get back to being able to do push ups without flinching. I’ve got my work cut out for me!
Me: You mean reverse racism? (Hindsight is 20/20, I just handed him the conversation on a platter)
In an increasingly stressful and materialistic world, the age-old beliefs and practices of the Celts bring us back in tune with the magical forces of nature and the spirit world that surround us.
I used Sentimentals for the butterfly. Word of caution: Do no cut this butterfly smaller than 2 inches! I had a heck of a time getting the antennae to cut out.
There are many things that I am currently in the process of planning or getting ready. Most are positive and, even at times, exciting. Things like starting school this fall. I can’t wait to see what Graduate School will be like. New classes, new ideas, feeling like my ideas matter again. And thinking further down the road to when this degree may be my way of “growing up” and doing what God has put a passion on my heart for.
However it may have to go in a few days when I'll be in Morocco, which I have been dreaming about for quite some time !
05- Traccia 3.04
I have been decluttering to make some room because I have a new flatmate. A special flatmate. Luke has moved in with me. Yay.
Someone asked me exactly what was it they said about me in high school? That conversation starter lead to many more interesting conversations.
He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.
Meanwhile, the board of inquiry into the leases was taking formative steps, with the three-member board meeting to receive important documents, the Sunday Tribune reported.
“Although we haven’t been notified yet by the commission, we do believe it’s natural for competition officials to look at online advertising given how important it is to the development of the internet and the dominance of one player.
This was an idea worth exploring further, but Goodrich didn’t do it. Nor did screenwriter Frances Marion, the guiding quill behind some of Mary Pickford’s best films, as well as this one. The Red Mill is, instead, a succession of gags, shallow and heatless, partly because the gags are so self-contained, and partly, I think, because Davies never makes Tina into more than the sum of her good looks and misadventures.
Now, here is your freebie... Holiday Address Labels! Enjoy!
Should you jump head-first into every big idea that comes to mind? Of course not. Regardless of what you're looking to create (whether a business, a non-profit, or a challenging new hobby, etc), it pays to be analytical, do your research, and have a solid sense of what you're getting yourself into. The problem is, no amount of research or planning can prepare you for the unknown of starting something new. Our bodies are programmed to fear the unknown, and no matter how many times we've succeeded in the past, this fear never goes away.
Only love can fill
Good luck and see you on the 16th of April! Happy Easter!
If you don’t love it and/or you don’t use it, it’s clutter. It’s the perfect time to embrace the Feng Shui art of uncluttered living. Feng Shui teaches that if energy can easily flow through a room, your life will be more harmonious and happy–and clutter is an obstacle to reaching this relaxed and calm state.
Once I sat down to eat my specialty burrito, Jack walked up with two crab tacos. “Not my first choice,” he said. “But still pretty good.” We decided to stroll beside the marina as we ate. Early into our walk Jack got a text from a friend who was coming to visit. In addition to these preset plans, he worked early the following morning. Our day had to be cut short. I saw Jack to his bus. Since our schedules don’t coincide, I kissed Jack goodbye, not knowing when I would see or hear from him next.
I hung up the phone in tears. What a long miserable road it had been. How long had I been shoved aside by this doctors group? Oh it's you again? The one with the contractions? I just couldn't take it anymore! I didn't know what to do! I didn't want to go to an ER! I had never been to an ER!
Homeland Security and Border Patrol officers were following the 2001 Dodge Durango at the time because authorities suspected the passengers were illegal immigrants, according to the Casa Grande Police Department.
1Co 8:2-3 NET. If someone thinks he knows something, he does not yet know to the degree that he needs to know. (3) But if someone loves God, he is known by God.
SW: How do Sunday Select and similar opt-in programs help you reach your target audiences?
C is for ... completely off track?
Dimensions: 6.38 in x 3.94 in x 1.65 in
“When the police came I was thinking ‘here come the police, they must be going to help somebody,’” she said. “Rather than thinking, for who knows what reason I was going to be thrown on the sidewalk.”
- Indonesian wedding salad
We’re able to see several things here which Christ is connected with: peace, grace, hope, and the ability to rejoice in times of trial. Also, the Holy Spirit, who came as a direct result of Christ’s leaving, gives us peace, love, joy, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control (see: Galatians 5:22-23). So, in some way or another, we are able to connect our ability to be good, to be kind, or faithful, or have peace, to Christ. Alright, but, to be frank, so what?
This is the focal pendant. We used the side view flower for this pendant and made a larger square to wire wrap the pendant to. Mom drew the design and then glued the pattern to 20 gauge copper. Mom then hand saws out all the pieces. Once the pieces have been filed and sanded I have fun with the enamels. For the flower pendant I used transparent oranges and yellows and I love, love, love the colors of the square. I used three different opaque greens to get the look with black around the circles in the corners of the square.
If all men count with you, but none too much:
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Kaminski M, Rumeau-Rouquette C. Activité professionnelle des femmes enceintes, surveillance prénatale et issue de la grossesse (Occupational activities of pregnant women, prenatal care and pregnancy outcome). J Gynecol Obst Biol Reprod 1982; 11: 959-967. 138 : 139-154.
10:45am: Start Sunday Brunch!
The business-to-consumer visibility gap
13. Houses In Motion
of my kitchen
2 Freedom Flexibility 6:06
Back again.
Floyd & Ancuta Frantz, OCMC Missionaries to Romania
8. Rihanna - "California King Bed"
#71. anticipation
From the hollows I feel imprints of falling away
I giggled and waved my hand over my head, gesturing at the trees all around us. 'The maple tree farm, silly!'
I made a batch of these for my sweetie who has been putting in quite a few late nights and many pots of coffee. He was very thankful to dip into the cookie jar for these little treats. A cup of coffee alongside is optional, but highly recommended.
Oh boy, the OP is already thirsty, don't make him parch himself even more. Just like peanuts, pretzels or other salty snacks will make you want a cool drink to go with them, salty water will suck up more moisture out of your system. This is why they say if you're stranded at sea to not drink the ocean water. Also, very salty water will give you diarrhea, a great thing to think about while you're browsing looking at delicious foods.
Just like we used to do when our parents were having the Conversation with us.
In order to help John to come to a proper spiritual assessment of who He was, in the spirit, Jesus, told John’s disciples to look at circumstances through a different perspective, God’s perspective, and see the Kingdom of God being manifested through His ministry. “Jesus answered them, “Go and tell John what you hear and see: the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, and the poor have good news brought to them. And blessed is anyone who takes no offense at me.” (Matt.11:4-6) (cf., Is.35:5 ff)
Where’s the apoplectic outrage by the Left? Where’s the overdue contrite apologies from The Religion of Peace?
Why should I feel so guilty about receiving an expression of love from someone who I care about? Why am I contemplating hiding my gift from my work colleagues instead of proudly showing it off?
This morning, I piled my hair in a knot on the very top of my head, straightened my bangs to hang right in my eyeballs, and put on the longest pair of earrings I own. Every time I move a muscle, the earrings clink. My top knot might be a little too top. The middle-aged businessmen downtown kept looking at me like I'm an alien (not that this is too different from every other day). It could be the top knot. It could be the loud feather earrings. It could be the bangs. But more likely, it's because I'm smiling like a maniac and pretending I'm in a music video (not that this is too different from every other day).
“I think that he’ll pull it through one more year,” said Grosser.
Everyone can GROW the FUCK UP, and quit bickering.
Donald Fagen - piano, electric piano, synthesizer, vocals
"Mom, I just don't know what to do. I don't know what I should do about this."
Here’s the situation this year all the teachers took a pay cut from the school board so after I went to school 6 years to get a degree that I had hoped would make me more money I can no longer afford to pay the student loans I owe for said degree, which just makes me feel pretty worthless sometimes. Don’t get me wrong, most of the kids I teach are really great kids and make me really enjoy what I do, but there are some knuckleheads that make my job very hard. I just try and remind myself that if the “bad kids” are being horrible to me (most of the kids consider me a very nice teacher) they might be struggling with something outside of school and they just take it out on me. This would be a great time for some emotional eating….but that didn’t happen!
After reading through the Haruhi light novels, there is one character who has yet to be animated who has jumped up onto my favorite characters list. Since my list is for characters who have actually appeared in an anime, I can’t rank her yet so this is an “extra” analysis of her character. Let’s just say that there’ll be some competition at the top of the list (not from Koizumi though). Introduced in the ninth novel of the franchise, The Dissociation of Haruhi Suzumiya, this character won over many on both sides of the Pacific and was the most anticipated character in the new novels. I’m running out of non-spoilerish things to say, so here is a post about the girl who’s on the cover of The Astonishment of Haruhi Suzumiya (Final)!
2. What are you doing tomorrow?
Oh the irony inherent in a man who hates the bullying of gay people, using a gay slur to insult others.
I received Jacob’s results of the evaluation that Dr. Wilkinson performed on him. Pull up a copy from Jacob’s records, review it, and then, I would like to know how you can justify the three years and counting that has passed with no long term strategies in place to help my son succeed as a PBC student. Jacob’s evaluation includes words such as “Significantly Below Average”, “Functional Weaknesses”, “Low Average”, “Functioning in the Below Average Range of Intellectual Ability”, “May be Expected to Occur in Only 3% of the Normative Population, etc.” And then there is my favorite part of the revaluation, one of the final recommendations stating that “FURTHER ASSESSMENT SHOULD INCLUDE…”
Think about it. A horse with circumscribed stripes… At what point did “Mama Nature” orchestrate such a manifestation? Which came first: a horse of white with dark stripes or the other way around? A Gestalt secret solved only by unraveling then puzzling together the pieces. “Mama Nature” is giggling and only she, along with the zebra, knows what it all means.
Consider Rhett and Scarlett, whose movie was on TV just in time to bring them to mind for this article. Neither Rhett nor Scarlett are perfect, but they are good characters. Great characters. They give us reasons to both loathe them and root for them. They are bold, brash, audacious, and larger than life. They pull us into their lives not by their goodness, but by their manner. Their personalities. Their daring and confidence. Who would work his way through Margaret Mitchell’s tome without the
Meyer CR. Semen quality in workers exposed to carbon disulfide compared to a control group from the same plant. J Occup Med 1981; 23: 435-439.
ginger and i wound up at a swingers party on the south side this weekend, an event whose sole purpose for existence is either "i'm tired of fucking my wife and she's okay watching me fuck you" or "i'm tired of fucking my husband and he's cool jerking off while i love up another woman." this is where it's at now, huh? secret internet friends and random partner swappage? remember that whole you're obviously jealous of my relationship thing? yeah, NEITHER DO I.
Below is a lengthy comment from reader Joseph Syme which I felt deserved its own post, and my thanks go to Mr Syme for his detailed views, and my further comments in response which are in italics.
So, like I said, it's probably a "well duh" moment, but for me, it's working and it's a change that'll help me save probably about $200 a month! And in a time when I'm on unpaid maternity leave, every $200 counts!
Perhaps I can sway some votes this week from the foodie crowd? Feel free to click and read some of the other talented participants. Finally vote on Thursday for your favorites!
1948 Israel is a modern-day sign that God did not cast away Israel. Fake Israel? Israel it is Israel and God will use it to accomplish his purpose for them and the world. Despite the gainsayers.
Hey everyone:
While I was travelling recently, I had the opportunity to interview a former child star of "The Book Place", who agreed to the interview only if he be referred to as "Former Child Star (of the Book Place)".
1163. – Dinner @ The Finish Line (Scott & Vickie’s – Malvern, PA) –
My blog is not a reflection on my day to day life, it is purely a crafty, creative space. Sometimes I might mention something or other about what's happening in my life or write a post with photo's of a nice place we've been but not that much. I don't want my blog to be a diary as such, I want it to be place where I am inspired and where I inspire others I hope! Of course most of the things I make are for my children but that doesn't make me this amazing mother! I'm just someone who really loves to make stuff and gets so much pleasure from the process of making- right from getting the idea, gathering the supplies, working out how to make it, and then seeing the joy on my kids faces when they get it/play with it. Being creative and sharing ideas is such a part of me and I get so much pleasure from it.
I promise, Carter, just hang on.
While it is not required to use Our Daily Bread Designs images and sentiments on your creations, we would love to see them if you have them. As a way of recognizing those who do use Our Daily Bread Designs stamps, we will again be choosing 1 to 2 creations to spotlight for our Shining the Award. In order to qualify for this award, however, you must use Our Daily Bread stamps and have your submission added to Mr. Linky by Oct. 14th at 8 p.m. EST. If you upload your creations to SplitcoastStampers or any other online gallery, please use the keyword ODBDSLC79. When creating your posts on blogs please include a link to the challenge!
love is a sickness
“They look good” said the sales girl. “but you’re going to want to go down a size, because they stretch out”.
Like the Nature Conservancy, the National Park Service wishes to recreate a pre-Columbian scene. However its mandate, as stated in the General Management Plan, is not simply to restore wilderness, but to open it for the pleasure of human visitors (National Park Service 1985, pp. 81 and 82). This mandate is flawed by an internal contradiction, because humans of European descent are, of course, as much an anachronism as sheep and pigs in a pre-Columbian landscape. Nonetheless, the Park Service, in accordance with its charge, has constructed camp grounds and hiking trails and encourages people to enjoy the experience of placing themselves in a scene which approximates the pristine wilderness of an earlier period. Ironically it has also left standing structures built by the ranchers, in order to retain the “historic scene” of the ranching era, but without the ranch animals (National Park Service 1985, pp. 36, 37, 41, 44 and 45). The projected increase in annual human visitors to the Island will contribute to the degradation of the land and adjacent ocean water. The Park Service has no tolerance, however, for other non-native species, and had planned to shoot the feral sheep, pigs and horses once it took possession of the east end.
I hope to attend some of the bigger meets coming up here in the next couple weeks and will be sure to blog on them and hopefully share some pics.
"Create."
The people who choose rock or pop as their music to ‘like’ might plump for those 1970s ‘progressive’ keyboard and guitar extravaganzas. ‘My, the skill and technique is astounding! To become as good as that must have taken years, and years, of dedicated prac…’
- "School" is cut due to a tape flip.
I’ve decided not to mention Twitter or email or the internet to Frank or Linda again. It’s not worth it. This way, we can both just keep mum on the subject.
There is nothing like a Cooking Class to get the inspiration juices flowing! Kinda' like that afternoon shot of Espresso.....in about 5 minutes you feel ready to tackle the rest of your work day!
We didn’t have lemons available, so we skipped the lemon zest in the Smitten Kitchen recipe and added some cinnamon instead. Next time, I’ll try this recipe with vanilla yogurt instead of plain yogurt and maybe Splenda instead of sugar. Might even add more berries!
I'm just asking: Is there something wrong about this picture? (Besides that it is blurry. Sorry about that.)
Ever After -- Sweet version of Cinderella -- 3 hearts
Life is full of mysteries, great and small. A small mystery for me has been why coffee made in a French press requires so much more coffee to achieve the same strength of brew compared to a drip coffee maker. It just seemed intuitive to me that if you take nearly boiling water, dump it straight into the ground coffee and let it steep, you have the maximum possible exposure to the surface area of the coffee and therefore you're going to get the strongest possible brew. But it just ain't so. In fact, you have to use almost twice as much coffee in the press. Hmmmmm.
They don't seem to mind their crates; in fact, they go right into them without any cajoling whatsoever. Nonetheless, this crating process can be a hassle. We have to empty the storage compartment to pull out the crates, and then empty everything out again to put the crates away. Also, Barley drops so much hair when he's in his crate that I have to vacuum when we return. Although he seems happy enough, I think this shedding is a sure sign that he does suffer from some crate anxiety.
Sponsored by Barclays, Economic and Social Research Council and National Council Graduate Entrepreneurship and launched in 2009, the fund has a call for applications each Spring.
2. Green Earrings
It gets worse: he continues, "Most of them, surely we can agree, have a small but significant psychological flaw which draws them back to childhood ...You have to be slightly odd."
2) Street Prostitute
Certainly not one that wishes to remain free and safe, I'd imagine. It should be strange that such things are not questioned in the article or by the Australian media generally - but of course, they never are, even if the bare facts make it into the public domain (or simply can't be suppressed any longer).
I am not alone though. For the first time in in a very long while do I not feel alone. I have found a partner, who is like a steady and strong jet stream in the sky and who will keep me airborne.
1 x Cadbury World booklet,
On Thursday, we all had to help with the Junior High English camp. It was just with the third year students, and they were divided into groups of 8, so we had to invite other ALT’s from other schools to come and help out.
And oh how he knows it. Von Steuben takes himself seriously because no one else does. His womanizing at the lodge is apparently an annual thing: a conquest of both the women and their men. He seems motivated by nothing but ego. Unlike the protagonist in Foolish Wives, shot by Von Stroheim three years later, there is no suggestion here of a villain in need of money, or protection, or in the grips of nymphomaniacal or sociopathic impulses. There is only a little man who hates himself.
So it happened again, twice in one month. I’ve fallen in head over heels with an entirely new-to-me food. This time, it’s polenta.
Let the ramekins settle until all the air bubbles seem to have disappeared. Tap on the sides of the ramekin with a spoon to remove air bubbles – It works! Then place into the deep casserole dish (I used a baking tin here because I didn’t have a deep enough casserole dish).
BIO
I've just put a competition on the www.popularscience.co.uk home page, giving away a copy of the excellent James Gleick's new book, The Information. When it had gone live, I was asked if I could add a link to the book trailer video. I did, but with gritted teeth. I really have no time for book trailers.
Flirty tip 1 Smile With Your Eyes. If your eyes are fully functional, that is. If not, another good idea is to smile with your mouth if your teeth are straight and white. If not, don’t smile, at all. Flirty tip 2 Touch, but don’t invade the personal space which is why I like to use a little long stick to probe and caress their buttocks from afar. It’s what I do and it always works.
My brother likes driving. He currently has a job delivering for an auto-parts/hardware store. He puts in about a hundred kilometers a day. His part-time weekend gig is driving limousines. At the time of this tale, he would volunteer to drive from the base of the Bruce Peninsula, all the way to St. Paul, Minnesota, to pick up parts needed urgently at his firm. A day out, stay the night in a motel, and the next day back. He made that run at least three times. He also would drive 2 hours to Toronto, pick up freight at the airport, and drive 2 hours home. He has probably driven every mile of I-75, from the top of Michigan, to Miami. Not all in the same day, although I went with him twice and shared the driving. We got on at Detroit, and 24 hours later, we were just west of Tampa. He’s put on a lot of miles, and been a lot of places, but culturally, he’s never left home.
This week we wait. We have turned in our application with the Adoption Network Law Center. We have had consultation calls, follow up calls, calls from their attorneys. We have filled out paperwork and sent money. We have exchanged pictures. We have shared our news with a few friends. We bought sleepers. We had our fingerprints done for the FBI. That was crazy. With Liam and Cullen looking on, we were fingerprinted at our local police department. Talking about living in the South and adopting. That along with five pages of notes, we sent them off to Clarksburg, VA to see if we have hidden records (Lord, please no!). Then came the application for the homestudy. Pages after pages of notes, written, filled out, questions about family, youth, relationships, children, beliefs, the whole nine yards and finally, that was sent off with a fee. Now we are waiting. Waiting for the welcome pack from ANLC to start our media and bio sections, as well as our birthmother letter (which I have written about 6 times!). Waiting for the FBI report (up to 8 wks!), and waiting for the LifeLink home study to approve our application and set up a visit (before Christmas please!). Through all of this, we hold a secret, close to our hearts. Except for the few that know.......and now you. Stay tuned! More excitement and frustration to follow, I'm sure!
I guess these movies happened. I recall a guy pooping in a golf bunker. I recall a girl dressing up like a doll. I recall an Asian man making coffee, and Christoph Waltz being a bad guy. That’s about it.
It takes time, yes. But practice makes perfect. I have the calves of a horse, sure, but it goes to show how much effort I have put into dancing. I’m proud to be a step dancer. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
EVEN GOD STAYS AWAY FROM THE VILLAGE OF BETHANY'S SIN
But since those ideas have been…well…perverted…in many instances, it may make me a liberal Baptist.
The Good Food Awards celebrate outstanding American food producers who push their industries towards craftsmanship and sustainability while enhancing the agricultural landscape and building strong communities.
In 1985 there were 42,000 black students at 5 universities in South Africa, about the same amount at the universities of the homelands. But many foreigners have never even heard of the homelands.
“This has been going on for 2 months! You call, let it ring once and hang up!”
Understand that friends come and go, but with a precious few, you should hold on. Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography and lifestyle, because the older you get, the more you need the people you knew when you were young.
The writing is dense, poetic and not an easy read even if, like me, you are well-versed in his œuvre. It features, though, some common threads that appear throughout many of Beckett’s works, especially his prose pieces, the main one being a character trying to come to terms with the nature of his existence. In this case we have someone crawling through mud dragging a sack with them and, whilst making painfully slow progress, they encounter an other (in this case Pim), another common feature. Sometimes the other is real but mostly imagined (or possibly ghostly) like the voice that harangues Joe in Eh Joe or the voice of the mother in Footfalls. This is what the old woman in Rockaby hopes to see as she stares out of her window:
There was a movie I seen one time I think I sat through it twice
Look #5 was an easy transitional reversible coat in chartreuse and orange, perfect for when you can’t just go out in your dress and meet even extend to chillier summer days.
Drat.
How about this guy?
Frendsa danced in a frenzy
“Yes. It falls far to the south in the ‘Night Point’.”
YOU can make the difference by putting all of the customer’s fears aside and making sure you give them the most professional presentation they will ever see!
The first phase of the counterrevolution was the legalization and regulation of those accomplishments of the revolution that appeared irreversible. A decree of October 7 by the Communist minister of agriculture, Vicente Uribe, legalized certain expropriations -- namely, of lands belonging
No. None of those things. If those were its only crimes then it would be merely down there among my most irritating films - alongside Madagascar - yeuch - or the disappointing Shrek 3.
“I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again… I will not allow bullying on my blog. You can say what you like about me, but when you come on here and harass and bully other fans, you WILL be banned from leaving comments,” she posted. “This is not a place to take out your frustrations with your own life on other people. I was honestly shocked today reading some of the comments… from people who are old enough to know better. Find something better to do with your time, because I don’t want you here, and neither does anyone else.”
Here’s how the blushes look in the packaging:
Smallprint: Please note that these are human interaction apps that require physical space and a number of human participants. They do not run on phones and other mobile devices. They will cost more than 59p.
As for how to make them, there really isn't much secret here. I'll share how I make them, but everyone does it differently.
5) "They May Put Me In Prison, But They Can't Stop My Face From Breakin' Out" - artist again unknown... or just in hiding.
“Jesus said, "I am the Bread of Life. The person who aligns with me hungers no more and thirsts no more, ever. I have told you this explicitly because even though you have seen me in action, you don't really believe me. Every person the Father gives me eventually comes running to me. And once that person is with me, I hold on and don't let go. I came down from heaven not to follow my own whim but to accomplish the will of the One who sent me.”
someone to date. Nice looking. Doesn’t appear to wear anything camouflage. (Most of the guys around here wear camouflage or deer motiff and sport a chewing tobacco smile.) Nice guys, but I am an animal lover and I guess I live in the wrong part of the country. I am not into seeing 16 pictures of a hunter holding a deer by the antlers, posing behind their pickup truck. Anyways, back to this yahoo personal guy….. I thought maybe he was doing a social experiment or someone was messing with him and put the ad in without him knowing. Hmmmm…..interesting.I don’t know. I mean, he could be a goofball head. So, I read his limited profile, since there was no way in hell I was going to join yahoo personals just to find out more about him.
Jobcentreplus has the largest contact centre network in Europe so we should be leading the way in contact centre job design and services - especially as we are not selling products but are delivering vital services to some of the most vulnerable people in society. Instead our management are trailing behind with their archaic obsession with targets and pressurising our members. They just look at quantitative targets on numbers of calls answered and the length of time we spend on each call, which is constantly being reduced to impossible levels. Our members recognise clearly that the public, when they get through to us on the phone, want their query dealt with. People do not want to be fobbed off nor have to wait up to 3 hours for one of our hard-pressed benefit processing colleagues to ring them back.
is all her fault
“Will I again be Barca coach in the future? I can’t answer that now. I really don’t know.”
On Apr 27, 2012, at 7:38 AM, Russell wrote:
Having a strong social network reduces isolation and stress and stimulates the brain through shared learning experiences and emotional connections. Good friends are good for your brain.
So do I, you know I know you
_____When I find myself liking 10 statuses in a row I stop and think..are these statuses really that funny or is this just one of those moments when I have a low tolerance for humor (humor quote status)
I knew that I would be spending some of my weekend walking G into our hotel room as she flopped onto her bed, wasted. But what I didn’t know was that I would end up spending much of my weekend helping her with dressing, bodily functions, walking, and drunk-circular-talking about family dynamics. The low points of my weekend were on night 1: begging a series of cab drivers to take us from a club to our hotel, after they refused because she was falling in the street and looked like she was about to vomit; and on night 3: when she took off her high-heeled shoes and walked down a filthy, dark, wet alley as I was trying to hail a cab. (Night 2 she was too hung over from Night 1 to chase the buzz until it tackled her.)
Just provide an interesting answer to the following question:
- Ray Fenwick: guitare, choeurs
Still no electricity, but at least with water I am able to percolate some coffee on the grill and use our solar shower to keep everyone clean.
I realized today we both need to be nicer to each other. I think we got caught up in the BS and fell into a slump. If I’m going to insist you are nicer to me, then I must make a point to be nicer to you also.
Why can’t you sleep?
In a separate bowl, combine 1/4 cup sugar and the contents of the box of pectin; add to the mashed strawberries in the saucepan. Add the contents of the vanilla bean (or vanilla bean paste) and stir well.
Mike, who lives in Istanbul, travels the world taking photos of the first 100 people he can persuade to pose in each place - noting their nationality every time.
The son of a “highly assimilated” Jewish family when he met Mary, Ned became increasingly connected to his religion, writing “I have been aided, abetted, and encouraged by my Catholic wife,” in his return to Judaism, and “Without Mary, I doubt that I’d ever have found my way back.” He not only became an engaged and observant Jew, he became chair of the religious studies department at Dickinson College in Pennsylvania, where he developed one of the first Judaic Studies majors at a liberal-arts college, became the college’s first Hillel leader, and published two other books: Amos of Israel: A New Interpretation, and Understanding Biblical Israel: A Reexamination of the Origins of Monotheism
In the past months, a lot of international artists grazed the Philippines, performing on sold-out concerts in some of the most well-known spots in the Metro. Most of these concerts or gigs were really successful, which is really good of course. However, some people in the Philippines are not too pleased with all of these, people coming mostly from the local entertainment industry.
Falling in love isn’t easy when it’s challenged by a brutal duke, a murderous king, and the threat of war between kingdoms. But true love doesn’t care about convenience, and it certainly has no aversion to danger. When Princess Araya flees an arranged marriage to Duke Peter, her only goal is freedom, even if that means she must evade her father’s armed guards—men under strict orders to carry out her capture. She never counted on falling in love with the man who rescues her.
Sometimes I catch myself falling back into my old ways, but a little voice says, the pleasures you got before were only temporary and you regretted doing it, so why even start? Also, these have been my experiences. I’m not trying to preach because I know it can get very frustrating to hear or read, “do this, do that” and everything will be perfect. That’s not my goal.
You know that toy you had as a toddler? The one where you push the shaped blocks through their corresponding holes? Well, people aren’t like that. I think that we try to ‘classify’ ourselves as one type or another so we will know where we fit in. Well, I don’t think that makes much sense. You can’t be who you are supposed to be if you keep trying to be who you think you are.
Most planetary astronomers I know are waiting with baited breath to see who Obama appoints as NASA administrator, as it will deeply affect future science policy. From reading the tea leaves, the guess is that there will a lot of new funding for Earth climate satellites and research...which also isn't such a terrible idea.
This is a picture I took at a Halloween Party hosted by Rasmussen back in 2009.
Will turned to face them, the melody dying on his lips. "Welcome to the house of the Baba Yaga."
Meanwhile beat the eggs and the cream
5. Corn Puffs
(the below story is shared with permission from the adoptive family)
I wanted to send her a card that would let her know I was thinking of her, but I did not want to send the traditional “get-well-soon” card. When I discovered stamps by Art Impressions, I knew they would be perfect. How can you not laugh when you look at this …
“…better chances tonight…still not great…but less cloudy…Northern Lights…”
If you are interested in one particular profession, job shadowing seems like a really great idea to me.
The third tier, or the remaining “doctrines” are topics that are up for discussion, but in no way should threaten the fellowship among the gatherers. To me this is areas of old earth/young earth, or eschatology views, or areas of Calvinism versus Arminianism.
Order Credit Report: 1.800.685.1111
Most importantly, for those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in keeping this nation free ….
We’re living our lives in interesting times
and sit here wondering
Yeah, great, but sometimes I just can’t manage it and all I want to do is shout AAAAAAAarrrrrghhhhhhh!!!!!!!
“The more laws, the less justice.”
This will allow you to easily view our page without having to type any links in.
The other trend (you may not actually call this a trend but whatever) is navy and orange. I've stared longingly at the Ann Taylor storefront with their navy, orange and white ensembles and wanted to buy something. Then I realized I didn't have to--I had all the pieces to put together already. Shocking, I know. But aren't you proud? I walked away. Yeah, don't be proud. It's been a bad shopping month. That's the only time I think I resisted in the last 2 weeks.
Knowing that Hitler and the wartime effort were huge circulation builders, America's comic book publishers rarely missed a chance to direct their super (and non-super) heroes into the fray. From 1941 to 1945, deliberately vicious, almost non-human caricatures of Germans and Japanese people populated hundreds, if not thousands, of pages of American comic books. The altered collage-style comic book cover by Bob Wood (signed) that opens this posting is from Lev Gleason's Daredevil #1 (not by Cole, although it appears that some figures from his stories might have been pasted onto or copied into the cover), one the classic iconic anti-Hitler comics.
Us on the beach:
I went back to the store the following day just to look at the shoes again and the sales lady said that my shoes have been purchased. I was sad but understood that they couldn't hold them forever. But she saw my expression and said...."Oh, no...they were purchased for YOU." I immediately thought it was my very good guy friend (who is now my husband :) ) because he used to do things like that. But she said it was an anonymous woman who saw me looking at the shoes and said, that little girl deserves to have those shoes. And bought them!!! She didn't leave her name and just paid for an anonymous gift for a person she had never met. I started crying and crying and made quite the scene at AT.
Hi everybody. I made this very cool masculine golf card with great papers that was CAS with no white! Then I stamped my images and flipped. They were brand new and since January, I've been having a problem with my images picking up ink where it shouldn't be picking up so I have a manufacturer's defect on my hands. That is creative frustration! After I made this card, I didn't have time to start all over again but might add another card later this week to try to redeem myself for this one. Please overlook the blahs, which seem to be the entire card, down to fussy cutting out the golf bag. Let's look on the positive, there's great DP and I used Soft Stone for my neutral. If everything worked out the right way, this would have been a very cool masculine card :)
(A) confused
Leading Sunni Scholar Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: It Is Prohibited for a Muslim to Vote for the Secession of South Sudan
No, what I realized instead is that people prefer political satire (because we don’t have an overdose of that yet).
If you come across a recipe that calls for self-rising flour, and you don't keep that in your pantry, here is a quick and easy way to make a substitute.
In order to make this petition more impactful, would you please also add your designation and institutional affiliation in brackets after your name (since there is no specific column for these details in the i-petitions format)?
Ooi said he was taken aback by Mohamed Razali’s Friday report as the branch committee member had actually accompanied him to lodge a police report on May 8 against the Utusan Malaysia’s front page report, headlined Kristian Agama Rasmi?
If we allow hurts to stay hidden, they eventually become toxic and end up doing as much damage to others as we, ourselves, obtained in the initial offense. When we are quick to confess both our sins and our suffering to our Savior, He forgives faults and soothes the sore spaces in our soul. He is never pushy nor invasive; rather He waits patiently for His people to present their pain before Him. As we come, He is quick to comfort and care for our every concern. Again and again, He lovingly washes away the filth, and covers us with His cloak of righteousness, restoring right relationship with Him. He redeems and makes clean, as we, His children, find the courage to come.
"Who can produce the fattest, widest, thickest and longest maxi? MUST stretch from tailbone to naval. The ones designated for junior high students must be packaged in a big cardboard box to ensure discrete delivery impossible. Oh, and make sure the sticky part doesn't really stick so the whole bloody mess will slip down the leg while walking. Bonus points for swishy noises that can capture the attention of all 13 year old boys within a 50-yard radius." I remember the day I wrote that.
The steering wheel has gained sound commands on the steering wheel versions TOP SRV and SRV. Toy ota SW4 features beige with dark gray panel and with the addition of standard wooden steering wheel and doors.
I also wonder (and worry) about how a future in which crowdfunding is a big fraction of all funding would shape what science gets funded. As far as I can tell, the Round 1 SciFund data are mostly about relating characteristics of investigators to their funding success. What about characteristics of their science? For instance, are conservation or other applied projects an easier sell than fundamental research? Can you crowdfund theoretical work? Conversely, how easy is it to crowdfund the scientific equivalent of snake oil (or even just a poorly-designed or boring project)? SciFund quite rightly involves investigators sharing advice on how to market their work to the public, and yes, regular research grants also involve some measure of salesmanship. But as anybody who’s ever seen commercial advertisements knows, there’s marketing and there’s marketing. I do wonder if crowdfunded science will end up being driven by what’s marketable, to an extent that would make old fogies like me uncomfortable.
I love to read YA Paranormal stories (if you haven't figured that out yet, lol). Lucky for me, the ebook world seems to be jammed packed with fantastic, young adult, paranormal writers. My new goal for my blog is to feature a new and wonderful read by YA indie paranormal authors that I love each week. Some of these authors I have have never met, some I have had to pleasure to chat with on the internet and some I have had the pleasure to meet in person.
I had Geej's parent/teacher conference on Thursday afternoon. Let me set the scene for you:
Interview shoots are very unforgiving. This is a situation in which you must get everything right first time and make the job flow smoothly and comfortably for everyone involved. Interviews will quickly fall apart if things start going wrong or taking a long time. Therefore competent operators should be able to organise and shoot interviews in their sleep. It is a skill which must be second nature, so you should be well practiced in this art before you attempt a “mission-critical” interview.
The issue itself is out on November 9, and I’ll try to show off a page or two before that, although I do also want to leave the story’s artistic sense of wonder for you to discover in the pages of the issue itself. For now, you get Gabriel’s cover for the issue.
CCCW: Anything that you’d like to say to your friends and fans?
4x Æther Adept
Dreamy Sea
In Luke 9 Jesus sent out his disciples with nothing and said to expect hardship of the kind he himself faced. Even Jesus, whose faith was so perfect that he walked on the water without sinking, who demonstrated what it meant to be in tune with the spirit, sometimes felt distant from the father: In the desert; in the garden.
I am also thrilled to announce that I will have an article published in the magazine, America in WWII in their April edition, which should hit shelves sometime in February. This article is about the delightful Mary Lou! I am quite excited by this all, but I am even more excited to share Mary Lou's story. She is such an inspiration. I have kept in touch with her ever since the interview and am proud to call her a friend. And because I love this picture so much, I'm going to share it with you. This is Mary Lou when she lived in Washington D.C.
That, sir, is how we roll.
Finally, the chart.
… that I just don’t get it.
grows substantial and
At an early age, van Beethoven, took an interest in music and his father taught him day and night, on returning to the house from music practice or the tavern. Without a doubt, the child was gifted and his father Johann, envisaged creating a new Mozart, a child prodigy.
Secondly, eat what nature has to offer. I recently heard Dr. John Moore, a well respected chiropractor in Florida say: “If it wasn’t around 200 years ago, most likely it’s not good for you.” I thought that was a fantastic way of putting it.
“Maybe one day that situation will be better understood,” I said. “But
Mary Wilkins Freeman – The Shadows on the Wall
When I was twenty-five, I found a job cleaning construction sites in the suburbs of Raleigh. It was dull work, made even duller on the days I was partnered with a fellow named Reggie, an alleged genius unhappy with the course his life had taken.
Autograph swaps. Christ. I'm sure if you'd have told the 16 year old versions of me and Phil what we'd be up to some 18 years later, we'd have pissed our pants and then ran off to do summat daft.
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-SCANS 328MB
There are ways in which we know we will never connect to someone. We know it in our bones. It happens upon first meeting. It registers inside a buried cataloging system somewhere behind the darkest corners of our subconscious.
Days after a leading author of information about emerging pandemics matched a $2500 contest award posted by the U.S. Federal Government to encourage the best use of YouTube for public education regarding vaccinations and more natural protections this swine flu season, FLUscam.com is being launched to broadcast news, commentaries, musical performances, and comedy coverage of the swine flu pandemic.
VENUE: Bush Radio, 330 Victoria Road, Salt River, 7925
"A language that nobody knows."
The researchers at San Francisco State University looked at the personality traits and the relative happiness levels of 750 student volunteers.
Phone (messages may be used as sound bites!): 315-5KP-ONTV (315-557-6688)
Thanks for all the comments throughout my postings, sporadic as they were. Come on over and follow my other blog as that one is a NEW beginning for me!!!! :)
4And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.
This is one of the chastest series you could find on television – 2 Broke Girls is more comfortable talking about masturbation than this show, WHICH IS ABOUT MASTURBATION, is with the topic. The Client List is the cleanest show you could make about erotic massage. Nothing dirty happens on screen – there are a lot of towels that are slowly pulled back before the scene fades to black. The most explicit the show gets is when some ice is rubbed across a chiselled torso, and there are a lot of chiselled torsos. All of the men who frequent this massage parlour looking for ‘extras’ are ridiculously attractive. The montage that leads Riley to make the decision to pull for the big bucks involves her giving normal massages to a group of gross clients because in The Client List’s world people who get regular massages are gross but people who come in looking to be finished off are underwear models with rock hard abs.
We went to Hippopotamus! I knew the restaurant from Paris already, 'cause I went eating there a few times back in the winter 2008 when I was there with my mum.
These grants allow writers to complete research. Museums and libraries frequently give grants to those wishing to study their archives. The range of funds can vary from a small fixed figure or full room, board, stipend and transportation.
Travis knows his beautiful world with love, Lessa, is about to change when an old seer comes to his door one peaceful morning, giving him a glimpse of another world in destruction, one seemingly too familiar to him. She tells him of a dream that could be real, but Travis wants to forget the encounter until he wakes into that dark world. Read more...
The young gunslinger looked at the old man and laughed, saying, "Hey old man, have you ever danced?" The old man looked up at the gunslinger and said, "No, I never did dance. . . Never really wanted to."
then victory!
The fact is that there is NOTHING to worry about. Life will go on, I'm pretty sure most people will ignore this. There is no reason to fear a Rapture or 2012 or any sort of apocalypse of supernatural nature because IT JUST WON'T HAPPEN. The same stuff has been predicted since the beginning of story telling. It gets people to listen, puts fear in them, sometimes this can make them easier to control. Any sensible person can usually see right through this kind of stuff, but there really are idiots out there that believe every 'prophecy' they hear.
Vitiligo is a common skin disorder in which white spots appear on the skin usually occurring on both sides of the body in the same location. Vitiligo occurs in 1-2% of the population. The melanocytes are the cells that make the skin color. In people with vitiligo, the immune cells (cells which fight infection) attack the melanocytes and kill them. When the melanocytes in a certain area die the skin turns white. No one knows why the immune cells attack the melanocytes in people with vitiligo.
Flowers on the hillside, bloomin’ crazy
There is no mirror in the loo, and I run the blade over my lathered face by feel, rather than sight. Ouch!! That's a small nick under the left nostril. Must remember to utilise the well-known haemostatic agent close at hand to that area when I'm done - wouldn't want to get any blood on my shirt before work!
Cleese
The door opened wider and Casey Sandman filled up the doorway, her small, brown eyes sparkling like fireworks. “Of course!” she smiled, easily. “She was here, but left about ten, come in, have a cup of tea.”
"My mama and daddy had certainly left me a mess to sort out, and I couldn't think of a single verse of scripture that was going to comfort me as I came to terms with an adulterating daddy, a resurrected mama, and an expectant mistress with an imaginary fiance."And another author I met was Paul Von Ward, who wrote Soul Genome. I've run into him a time or two since I first met him two years ago, and he has signed three of his books for me: Our Solarian Legacy, The Soul Genome, and Gods, Genes, and Consciousness.
A bit earlier from me tonight and now I need to move all my crafty goodies from the kitchen and replace them with ingredients for dinner. We fancied salad and jacket spuds when deciding what to have last night but on a cold and wet day like today that just doesn't feel right does it?
We didn't bring everything, just a few handguns. All things considered a wonderful way to start the new year.
"No," I answered, "But we work on his Mandarin a lot." That's the simple answer. The more complicated one is that Grandma (Nen Nen) speaks Chinese, but Cantonese, not Mandarin. She took some in school, of course, but it seems that her Mandarin is about as good as my French. Which means it isn't. But, she has also jumped on the bandwagon of learning a little Mandarin in order to help her grandkids learn. That helps a lot because, even though Cantonese and Mandarin are two completely different languages, I think her pronunciation would have to be better than mine. And, the more people who at least try to speak the language at home, the more the kids will see it as important and "the thing to do."
Shaky fingers? Fear? New specs?
But nothing in this fortifies the case for the compulsory tampering with Alf’s bread.
He got up there and gave a speech last night. It was like Groundhog Day all over again. He said the same things and the same results we’re seeing today. People are not working.
Our street just gets trendier and trendier. Excitingly, we have been invited to a private view of an exhibition at the former Post Office, called Keep Me Posted, which is all about "our postal history and heritage". I particularly like the idea of the hand carved seat on which visitors can write a letter and post it in the "elegant George V pillar box" that stands outside the post office.
I promise, the whole time you are reading this you will be pleased. The suspense is incredible. Turning the page is exciting because you never know what exciting thing will happen next. This book has romance, friend ship, and family struggles all put in together. I think you can really relate to the characters. I guess you could say I can relate to Peeta. In a very small way. WARNING: Spoiler Alert!
I’m trying really hard not to focus on the negative, on the bad side of statistics that says that 10 – 30% of women do not get to keep their baby, depending on their age; on the fact that we did not really see a gestational sac on Wednesday, that it could only be guessed at.
Happy writing and may the transitions always move you forward,
“What?! That’s crazy,” I said, followed by “okay!”
Party at Sky Vault (15)
You greet us like we are the best thing to ever happen to you.
At the time of making these offers and soliciting these services, JPSA urged that the accused be charged with the appropriate crimes of driving under the influence of alcohol, reckless or negligent driving and five counts of culpable homicide, but that plea was overridden by the Minister of Transport calling for charges of murder to be brought and the NPA obliged.
Initially, they wanted to do a biopic about American poet Anne Sexton but couldn’t get the film rights to her life. They were both obsessed with music, in particular Anders with girl groups from the ‘60s. Douglas told her about how she used to work in the Brill Building as an assistant for infamous New York publicist Peggy Segal and that maybe they should do a film about it. As a result, Anders wrote the role of Edna/Denise specifically for Douglas. When it came to writing the screenplay, both women put a lot of personal details into it. For example, Denise’s relationship with Jay was reminiscent of Douglas and Scorsese. When Anders thought of Douglas for the film, she was looking for an actress to “embody all sorts of contradictions. I have to find the right woman to speak to other women.” However, the actress was worried about how women would react to Denise’s habit of getting involved with men who aren’t good for and tended to sidetrack her dream of recording her own album, “because women don’t want to think Edna would let a guy interrupt a career. But that’s the big secret: Women always think that being loved is much more important than being talented.”
Points the psychic connection to primal paradise
HuffPost contributor Mark Benjamin discussing the anti-malaria drug Larium and its possible connection to the Afghanistan massacre: Read the HuffPost article here: http://huff.to/H3VNVf
2. Beer Cocktails will continue to grow, as will Cocktail innovation.
Its always best when its effortless. True that.
Last week my father-in-law found out he may have pancreatic cancer. It's been a rough couple of weeks as my family comes to grips with what that means. Sometimes we need to laugh, a more appropriate choice of words than I imagined a month ago. Alexander Outland: Space Pirate couldn't have come along at a better time for me. If anyone else has a need, I strongly suggest G.J. Koch as a remedy.
~ Drink at least 3 glasses of water every day (I don't like drinking water, so even that will be tough.)
However, those who aren’t close to this case when it comes to locale, will not have the same thoughts that O-towners have. Those who were there from the beginning. Those who frequented the same clubs that she visited. Those who stood in the parking lots at night after Casey Anthonys trips to her favorite bar, walked the same streets, went to the same school, lived in the same neighborhood. They will have plenty more to say. It hits closer to home. Clear Water is clearly not far enough. But does that place exist? Well, there were people who didn’t know Oprah Winfrey who lived in the outskirts of Illinois, so…maybe it was. Granted, these were back wood folks with no televisions and no media outlets.
Sign above door & wooden bird- Heritage House Interiors (www.heritagehouseinteriors.com)
Grades 4 and up
The new challenge at the Scrapalicious blog is "A Cut Above". For this theme, we had to use a diecut somewhere on our project. I created this "Family" tag with lots of yummy papers and stamps, an edger punch, and a cool chipboard key.
And here's a close up of the fussy cut Summer Samba papers popped and some added bling.
My grandmother, a lovable but frustratingly conformist person, says I'm against everything. What she doesn't realize is that every single thing I'm *against* can be flipped around to be something I'm for! I'm anti-sexism, which means I'm pro woman's rights. I'm anti-colonialist, which means I'm for Indigenous rights. I'm against governments, but for decentralization, and community organization.
“I used the masks because I wanted to cite V for Vendetta,” says Wu. “It’s about human rights. It’s a movie questioning the idea of anarchy and I’m very passionate about improving the world, changing the world, affecting people through not only art.”
And now onto the cheesecake - I've changed the recipe quite a bit, so will be listing the ingredients and method in a bit more detail than I normally do for the Weekly Bake Off posts.
Shikes' beer was tapped May 16 at Old Chicago in Denver, timed to coincide with American Craft Beer Week.
Tiombe Veronica
Becauseicouldntsee
Cryptology!
Honorable Mention: Rory Brennan's "Guiness is Good for You" - photography
His platform moves him to the oposite side of the room, where he encounters 5 people on a similar platform surrounded by cardboard walls and crowded with plastic furniture. They move about anxiously trying the extend their limbs in an effort to dance in this clausterphobic space. A change in the music, they realize the ludicrous of their spatial containment, and begin tearing down the cardboard walls, spraynig bits of paper and glitter everywhere, throwing the plastic furniture, and utterly obliterating the maufactured walls holding them in. Now they can dance! I think at this point in the show I thought to myself, wow... performing in something like this day after day is way more than a job, way more than a workout, way more than a performance even... its a daily celebration of life and human liberty!
Godfathers Cause I said so UK
Mix group two together, and then add to the first group stirring only lightly - just enough to moisten the flour mixture.
Mini Kit
When I went to the prom, it was downright painful seeing ole girl in my dress. It looked great on her but I knew it would have looked fabulous on me.
The movie made 235 million dollars worldwide and 45 million in rentals. On a 16 million dollar budget. This thing was a giant freaking hit.
SUBJECT: Fire hydrant
Germany's federal prosecutor was asked in November 2006 to pursue a case against Donald Rumsfeld, the former defence secretary, Gonzales and other officials for abuses committed in Guantánamo Bay and Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. But the prosecutor declined on the grounds that the issue should be investigated in the US.
I may be stepping out of the theological box by saying what I have in this post about the Eucharist, but I don’t think so. Jesus does not want us to hide our faith or what God is doing in and through us. Jesus wants us to let our light shine and to remain salty so that the whole world, that everyone will see God through us and will come running to see that God is good. We are to beacons of God’s light, love, joy, and hope for a world gone and going mad. When Jesus says, “Do this in remembrance of me,” Jesus is telling us to live in remembrance of him as much as he is saying break the bread, drink the wine in remembrance of Him.
23 And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
I hope you enjoy my baby girl. I love all the little baby embellishments. Don't forget to add you project over at The Robyn's Fetish Challenge Blog. I can't wait to see all the baby projects. Our Wonderful Design Team made terrific baby cards also so don't forget to visit their blogs and leave them a little love. Have fun and I will see you next Sunday. Have a Wonderful Week!!
Would not the whole level of our church life become apostolically elevated if God’s people came to the hearing of the word with such an expectancy? Would not our ministers of the Word need to seek the Lord more earnestly for His Word if they knew they were standing before congregations of such a kind? Would we not then all go on from faith to faith and glory to glory? Then could we testify with the Psalmist, “He sent His word and healed them” (Psalm 107:20).
6. Modern BabyLetto Modo Espresso 3 Drawer Dresser/Changer by DaVinci
good...
Instead of doing lots of reading of government paper work because I am applying for Social Security and Medicare.... argh ! ! !
You said that I abandoned you and the kids. No. I left (abandoned) you. But, truthfully, you are the one who abandoned me first…. you abandoned all of us….over and over again. Every time you chose alcohol over us. Every time you stayed out all night without calling. Every time you said mean things to me, but, couldn’t remember saying them the next day.. and then expected me to just forget it because you were drunk. Every time you chose to sit in your office on the computer for hours instead of spending time with us. Every time you would come home from work already drinking, and then continue to drink until you passed out. Every time we had a “family day” and you would get drunk. Every time we went on a vacation and you would drink too much, making me not want to be around you…then you would blame me for being “boring”…or we would get into a fight over something stupid because you were being irrational, like tattoos, even temporary ones… Yes, you always felt bad, apologized, and made promises to stop or cut back….but, after a while I stopped believing you because those apologies and promises lost their meaning. So, I know how it feels when someone who is supposed to love you, isn’t there any longer…oh yeah, physically you were there, but, you might as well not have been.
Have some fun; we cannot wait to see all of your recipes!
Jay Hutchinson, New Zealand artist.
‘Even though the professionals thought it was hopeless, I knew it would make me feel better if I had at least tried to get the baby to turn. So, I spent several sessions a day lying on the floor with my pelvis raised on cushions. After a week or so without progress I consulted Ilana Machover, whose National Childbirth Trust antenatal classes I had attended during my first pregnancy. She immediately suggested that crawling might help and arranged an appointment to show me how to do it. Learning to do the exercise properly proved more difficult than I expected, but once I was crawling to Ilana’s satisfaction I found it a curiously relaxing activity and crawled around the living room several times a day.
Dad has four more siblings left. They were pretty freaked at Uncle Jeremy's funeral. Twice is a coincidence. Three times makes it true. Once some time had passed, though, the old Shalako humour started seeping through.
Sylvia also gave each of us two stitch wallets that she made herself! The first one I opened was made from Kate Spain's Flurry fabrics. Remember those quilt blocks I was working on back in December...well, I dug them out to photograph with my wallet.
Unfortunately, because of the growth of the city - a few of these are no longer visible - so I you've been doing a bit of time-traveling as well.
In order to deal with the trouble they're in, these stores have changed up their inventory. For example, they'll add a "Build a Bear" section or maybe sell CDs or DVDs. That limits the number of books they can stock. They also choose to stock books that are BIG bestsellers. So you'll see a whole wall of, let's say, Vampire Academy, but they won't stock some of the smaller titles, like Blood Coven, because they're not as much of a "sure thing."
Be Helped
Great Southern Bank, Springfield, MO
Christmas day is the ultimate 'being in the moment' moment.
There were people who didn't like Munson, of course, but it seems most people did, even those who despised Georgia or biased announcers. The bias wasn't the point. He just made it fun. He was over-the-top. He was literary and wacky and unpredictable. He was both intensely cynical ("We have no chance today," was pretty much how he approached every game) and starry eyed. He brought the same energy and wonderment and ferocity to every game. When the Bulldogs were losing, he was sure they would lose. When they were winning, he was warning about disasters lingering just around the corner (Hunker down!). And when Georgia actually won cherokee roses bloomed, Ray Charles sang, moonlight slipped through the pines.
do they realize their own illusion?
And they must do it without Clary. For Clary has gone into the heart of darkness, to play a dangerous game utterly alone. The price of losing the game is not just her own life, but Jace’s soul. She’s willing to do anything for Jace, but can she even still trust him? Or is he truly lost? What price is too high to pay, even for
“The mayor filed a statement with the Board of Elections that he would only make campaign expenditures through his campaign committee,” said one lawyer familiar with the case who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the investigation. “But what might have happened here is instead of doing that, he gave personal funds to political parties to make political expenditures for him, and that could be stretching the rules.” G.O.P. Consultant Accused of Stealing Campaign Money
Q: Anything which the members have done recently which made you happy?
My lazy Internet research revealed that 80% of Pinterest users are women (thanks ignitesocialmedia.com!). Over at Google +, they are running close to that equivalent, male.
The last person who comments will win the bundle with the lavendar ribbon!
Green chilli (long) - 2 or 3
Mama, you forgot the flash on my big day!
This intuitive self-discipline is of great use in the studio, but like any discipline requires vigilance to maintain. Balancing doubt must be a certain degree of faith in the absurd activity of painting itself.
Naturally, my response:
That book was written by the late Loren Pope, who was the education editor of the New York Times for many years. Pope believed that the benefits of attending the elite "name-brand" colleges were greatly overrated by parents and school counselors, and that there were many lesser-known schools that did a better job of developing a lifelong love of learning and providing the foundation for a successful and fulfilling life beyond college.
More work needed to make it a bit better. There was a interim period when it looked even better than this but alas, it didn't last long!
This stained glass is a depiction of the crowning of King Edgar, the first king of all England (which is debatable). Edgar’s coronation was held at Bath Abbey. King Edgar’s story is an interesting one, but too long for this post and I expect that many sources tell it well. What I find so interesting about this stained glass window is that it seems highly political for a religious institution. Perhaps it stands out so much to me because of my “separation of church and state” American upbringing. I’d be curious how others view this lovely window.
AAAAAHHHHHHH... getting older REALLY SUCKS! (I'm such a wimp!) Three band aids and lots of peroxide later, I will be just fine... bruises aside, of course! Tomorrow is my first of 5 full bike to run brick workouts before the race... band aids and all! :-)
There's of course one problem: The chances of any such piece of legislation being considered by the Egyptian parliament for a vote is zero. And the chance of it ever passing is less than that. In fact, color me highly skeptical that anyone is even trying to advance a piece of legislation like this through Egypt's parliament. I'm willing to be proven wrong. It's possible that there's one or two lawmakers completely out of step with the rest of parliament. Maybe. No one has proven him wrong. Although Murphy and the Egyptian blogosphere were raising red flags, the story made its way around. Gossip sites and sensational sites joined the Islamophobic sites in repeating the tale.
The couple were getting down and dirty. Grinding and jostling around with their sticks like duelers from medieval times. The guy was in his late twenties or early thirties, and the woman in her late forties or something. But who am I to judge? I just smiled their way as I admired their ability to shake it. The lady comes over to me and says, “Hi there!”
Nick: “Nooo…a plain cheeseburger. That’s what I wanted all along.”
Just as the week of insane storms finishes we get snow.
Several even MORE days later....
And it’s gotten really cold. I opened the door to let Slushball, the puppy, out. He gave a shudder, turned back to the kitchen where he squatted and did his business.
Coincidentally, de Botton’s views sound like an echo of another voice here in the States — retired Episcopal bishop John Shelby Spong, a man whose views place him squarely outside Christian orthodoxy. Spong took to the airwaves last month to promote his new book, in which he argues that Scripture was never meant to be read literally. Letting go of rigid doctrines like the Virgin Birth and Divinity of Christ, he says, are necessary if Christians hope to “stop the exodus of people from religion.”
He doesn’t think that just because someone can shoot lasers from their eyes, teleport, control storms, or have shiny metal claws popping out of their hands, that they are any different from anyone else. He sees their powers simply as their special gifts and abilities: gifts that can serve the rest of humanity. Like any teacher, it is Xavier’s hope to shape the X-Men into becoming the future leaders of tomorrow. This means they have to learn how to use their powers for good, which entails sometimes using them to defend normal humans from the evil mutants.
I keep going back to the guest post that Rachel Cohen-Rottenberg wrote for me a year ago, called We Are Not the Enemy. In it she says "I am not your enemy. I am your ally, and I am your child's ally. Now and always." So, I guess I'm writing this now to tell the autistic people who are reading this that I, too, am not your enemy. I am not afraid of autism; I do not hate autism, and I can help bridge the gap between our two groups. I want to learn from you, and I want to stand beside you as you fight for your rights. You are my child's future and I want to help you as you make the world a better place for yourselves; and for him.
If for some reason I can't afford to order the Real Science Odyssey I can defintely go with the materials for year 1 and 2 science on Lesson Pathways.
A sure solution is to put members’ pay on the line if they don’t start thinking longer-term, said Rep. Jim Cooper, Tennessee Democrat, and sponsor of the “No Budget, No Pay” Act.
In April-May 2011, the state ATS had arrested Anjela Sontakke, alleged secretary of Golden Corridor committee of CPI (Maoists) along with six more, including a Kabir Kala Manch member Dhawala Dhengle of Pune, for their alleged Naxal links
Ted rolls his eyes, "When you have finished trying to be witty can you and Jamie come through to the meeting room I need a word."
As people in Europe, the U.S., and the rest of the developed world live longer and procreate less, their countries are steadily declining. Some projections suggest that, worldwide, there will be half as many children under the age of 15 as there will be adults over age 60. Fewer kids means shrinking populations, an aging populace, and economies burdened by health care and pension obligations.
Chris and I have a serious problem.
- Almay Intense i-color: 25% off
This fall marked my sixth visit to Dana Hall School and, as always, I most enjoyed my time there. (The sixty degree, sunny, and perfect New England day didn’t hurt, of course – especially in the wake of the recent freak October blizzard that struck the area.)
Has it raised peoples awareness and made people TALK about the testing of cosmetics on animals? It seems that it has.
I told the girls I had seen some fun ideas on blogs and if they needed any ideas I would happily help them!
As Months went on I started liking her more and more than I got side tracked by an almost 2 year divorce (I spent the first year out of the 2 saving money) a private investigator had to be hired to track down my wife… God, was working in my life again I just didn’t notice, The lawyer was kind enough to take on my case for free and hired the investigator because he knew I was just getting back up on my feet with my new job…
My friends know I am not a "white space" person, so this is the nearest I will probably get to a "clean and simple" card. I must admit I enjoyed making it but am a bit disappointed that it did not photograph well. I gave up after trying three times.
Petition to cease /
Black Leggings - Asda
God created man in his own image, but man decided to disobey God and ate the forbidden fruit, sinning against God. The Bible says “we have all sinned and fallen short of the glory of god”. – How can you ever enter Heaven which is full of the glory of God when you have fallen shot of it? The answer is – Through Jesus.
If you do, how to you keep it clean?
SPM promotes advocacy supporting a patient’s right to obtain their own data. In a story published today, Patient’s fear of being ‘difficult’ may hurt care, SPM member Hugo Campos writes:
Centurion decals on down-tube (left and right), and a Centurion
Lay off the email. You need to better manage your emails. Emails from consumers, possible partners, and suppliers are top priorities and must be answered first. Clients like quick answers to their emails from a real person, even if it is just a brief response saying that their request or question is being worked on.
This is the journal page that was sitting on my WOYWW desk the other day...
They brought horns, fiddles, family and friends. For some video that gives a sense of how the event sounded, click HERE.
In winter, there is less sunlight hours. Some people can easily get affected by the lack of sunlight. Know yourself and if weather can affect your mood, try not to travel alone during these times.
"But no one will agree to legalize it."
Last night I was looking through a hospital chart, and discovered this in another neurologist's note.
Note: This article was first published in the old Temasek Review in March 2010.
Sadness.
11:55: Towler suggests that, as in the row over tamiflu over-supply, a way of fighting prohibition is by members of the public getting "noisy on the internet", and "complaining and making a fuss". He refers to the recent Nick Hogan case as an example of the effectiveness of individual action.
She looks into your eyes,
all of us do desire,
RECENTLY, my students participated in a Revolutionary War simulation as part of their Language and Literacy Unit called America in Conflict. They had to assume a personality and then participate throughout the unit by writing diary entries as that person. As a final piece, students were asked to write a biopoem from the perspective of their character. Of course, I took this as an opportunity for students to create a more polished version on the iPads. Here are some of the final versions.
Truth for the Adoptees.
At some point the dream basically became the TV show The Walking Dead, without zombies & with flying machines & unknown beings instead, and even most of the cast from that TV show were in the dream with me; and we were trying to survive & avoid the machines & whatever else the spaceship-like things sent down.
I'm planning on doing some shaking this year.
So where do I begin in this quest? And where do I end? Do I tell them about violent pornography and pedophilia? Do I give them the full truth and details of mass murder, torture and cruelty? Do I tell them the details of the Holocaust? Do I explain the pain of dying from cancer? That’s the truth isn’t it? Of course I don’t, and in the moment that I censor any of that ‘truth’, I’m presenting a modified and incomplete vision of the world and its reality to my children. (And in my opinion, quite rightly so.)
In fact, allow me to suggest a few:
While the cheese was melting away in the oven, my younger child came home from school. I opened the door and just like every other day, I was greeted with a great smile from a very sweaty, dirty looking boy. The next moment, he let out a little squeal, "I smell pizza!"
-Lil Nette
a bowl of jello,
May your holiday season be bright, and filled with love, and joy, my Gentle Bloggers. Thank you for stopping by. I'll see you tomorrow as we go through Day 2 of this lovely Virtual Advent Tour. I can hardly wait to come see what you like or want to talk about, this year! Happy Holidays!
As I understand it, according to Russell T Davies, the Ood come from the same general area of the universe as the Sensorites, and as such are related. Even their planets of origin have similar names: The Ood-Sphere and The Sense-Sphere. This is a terribly clever way, I think, of taking a faulty idea from the classic series and finding ways to make it work in the new show, without ever using words like remake, reenvision, or reimagine. Saying that the two species are related does two things: It provides due reverence for the original idea, and it adds a nice layer of continuity for long term fans. These days Moffat gets all the credit for being the clever one, but let’s not forget that mad Uncle Russell wasn’t missing any crayons from his box of colors, either.
is there something that would be good, carried to excess? Be pleased to
We did not know each other in a dramatic way like those seen in movies or romance novels but the way we met was special and unique in its own way. I was staring at how the droplets of water magically disappear upon hitting the floor and leaving the floor wet when I saw him. He was walking slowly to his third period class as I watched him.
oatmeal cookies
I know that life is not guaranteed. Any day could be the last. There is no point in worrying about things we cannot change. And judge no one. You never know what is going on in someone’s life.
The celebrate 4sqDayYYZ (the Toronto edition of the day) we partied hardy at The Pilot in Yorkville.
guess what? silly me forgot to give them to my aunt.
The National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa said the DA's decision amounted to "dastardly censorship"; that the DA was "Nazi-inspired" and the decision itself was "inspired by Nazi's propagandist Joseph Goebbels (sic)".
You know that saying “God laughs at those who makes plans”? Well He will be laughing at me with my blogging plans. I have attempted to schedule some posts while I’m away. They’re some good ones… and hopefully it all goes to plan because honestly, you know me and I’m more than a little technologically challenged.
The world before me and no idea where to go.
And of course the publicity value of such an acquisition would go without saying, and if anybody knows publicity, you can rest assured that PETA knows publicity.
Most people who I have spoken with believe that Casey Anthony is guilty. But, we still have 6 months until her actual trial. I’m wondering what your thoughts are on the three options I listed in the headline: Execution, Life in Prison or Acquittal.
Altogether, not a bad first find!
657 ***D-I/11/1974. “Politics versus Ideology: The Greek Case.” The Militant Forum, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in C-1974(12), above, and in Item B-5, above, pp. 501-08 (1992).)
'I can go either way?' as in, "Hey, wanna go to the movies tonight?" "Oh, I don't know, I could go either way." Or "Hey, how do you feel about Mexican or Chinese for dinner?" "Hm...could go either way." NOT "I really like you and want to work this out," "Well, I could go either way."
Unfortunately, Pickleberrypop is still not up and running, so if you want to take advantage of my huge 40% off SALE, then you need to head over to Gotta Pixel.
StampTV did a "Red and Kraft" challenge for their "Mix-it-up Monday" challenge. I had just won GinaK Designs' "Garden Fresh" stamp set during a blog hop, so I decided to bust it out and get inky with it.
Today we introduced the Unthinkable character Glassman. Glassman seems to be a popular unwelcomed character atJefferson. Glassman causes people to have huge upset reactions. The reactions he causes are not proportionate to the actual problem, for example, having a meltdown because you can’t be first in line.
b. When I sin, I show a lack of contentment with God’s blessings (2 Samuel 12:7-8). This is the second point of the parable of Nathan but this point is so important that Nathan explicitly emphasizes it.
This post turned into an essay on a variety of women’s issues in Egypt. Considering the dominance of the subject across the project, I should explain that I have been close to issues of violence against women through my 9-year employment with a domestic violence agency.
For you! for you, I am trilling these songs,
Red Layer:
It sort of reminds me of a slinky and could they make them any bigger or what????
Whatever the reason, it is nice to believe in future. I believe so, too. If there were good reason to start this world at the time of creation, then something good would result. That is how the system of causation works.
Shoelaces - can be used to attempt suicide by hanging
In the end I sorted out which bulbs will probably not survive, though I replanted them in the contaminated pot, which I hope I’ve cleared of bugs. The healthy-looking bulbs I’ve planted in another pot, with my fingers crossed. Then I remembered that last week there’d been a maze of tiny fruit-fly sized flies around the adjacent Thai basil. Were the two things connected? Spotting some more of the flies I zapped them with common house fly spray.
A: I didn’t think I had a chance of hitting my target, let alone exceeding it. Now I don’t really know. As much as possible I will put money into the project and into other creatives – artists, layout people – who suffer from these problems as they contribute.
If judgment looms under every steeple
Rex, Robert.
1-800-CDC-INFO
ELLA showed the beautiful and feminine V for Victory collection at the New York Fashion Week earlier this year and at the Reykjavik Fashion Festival in March (above photos). Elisa Pervinca Bellini covered RFF for Vogue Italia and wrote about ELLA: "On the catwalk there are outfits, suits and little black dresses that wrap the body without constricting it, with neutral colours such as grey, black, white but also orange and antique blue." She also quoted Elinros Lindal: "Our collection’s focus is on quality of fabrics, that are all made in Italy and created by Loro Piana ... while the silhouettes are inspired to a classy woman, that travels a lot.” Elinros and her team were inspired by the post-war years and '70s glamour when designing the AW collection and actress Lauren Hutton was their muse.
Filter the mixture through a very fine sieve or cheesecloth and pour into a clear jug or glass/clear plastic bowl.
Master Gardener (3 veg & flowers) – not entered
OK, I will admit, I LOVE candy....Twizzlers, Reese's, Hershey's Kisses, Mr. Goodbar and more! What's YOUR favorite candy? I would love to know! ;)
It's the same way with Tebow. If you hinge your belief on his wins, your belief is disproven when he loses. It's a bad way to operate (also if you LIKE Tim Tebow and/or the Broncos, you should stop doing this too, because people will dislike him simply because of what you've claimed his team' wins represent).
Wedding #1
The ENT specialists wouldn’t hear of it.
Sorry for being a bad blogger - did try and post this via my IPad, but will have to investigate better how to get it to work as some of the buttons don't seem to like the IPad (hey ho).
Aside from the parade, there are shows - The Elmo Show, Big Bird Show, etc. where children get to sit in the audience and watch their favorite characters perform as if they are on TV. In addition to the shows and parade, there are rides in water (where you can get a little wet or soaking wet) and on land, as well as places where you can climb on nets, a carousel, and some rides for younger kids (around age 2 years). The rides in the park are fun for children as well as adults.
6. Who are your competitiors?
Flash forward to two weeks ago, when we moved in, and I had hundreds of cardboard boxes and dozens of trash bags of packing paper.
I have been hobbling a bit every since a humorous incident last month in which my left foot got stuck in a Wellington boot in a shoe shop and the Wellington had to be cut off me with a large pair of scissors. Before that, there had been much pulling by various people of my toes and heel with the result that the outside edge of my left heel has, ever since, been painful when I stand on it in my bare feet, though not when I wear shoes. But it has now started to occasionally be painful in shoes, too, so I guess I will have to go to my GP and maybe try to get it X-rayed. Two visits to my osteopath have not cured the problem, which he thinks is caused by problems in my toes, not my heel.
"They've let Horst Dornbusch write the articles on Scottish beer." How my heart sank when I read those words. Ace fantasist Horst being allowed to write about Scottish beer in the "Oxford Companion to Beer".
Upon entering, the receptionist gestures to wait by the member’s area next to the front doors. All types walk through the doors. Through the glass, the woman and trainer from before are doing suicide drills in the hallway.
A friend of mine was telling me how bummed she was feeling and the spring couldn't come fast enough for her.
rest of human kind you still want the same things. You’re driven to success.
After I fussed at him & he had a good laugh at my expense (after 18 years we know how to push each others buttons), he backtracked then & tried to offer his own examples that Nigeria still has potential.
So, everyone who posts at least one entry for all three Challenges during the holidays will be entered into a drawing to win a $50 dollar gift certificate to the CCC sponsor of their choice! It's my way of saying thanks for fitting these challenges in during a time of year when most of us barely have time to breathe. The winner of the $50 will be announced on January 3.
“You know Ms. F. He won’t poot, toot, pass gas, flatuate…It happens sometimes with men.” She looked at me quizzically and then spoke very slowly and louder. “We need him to faaht before he can go home.”
and turpentine urns her sawdust daily keep
1 profoundly
Another day of the I'm Hearing Voices Blogfest. Today our task is to introduce two of our characters using strictly dialogue. I'm featuring the character Bulsara again. But while his interview on Monday would have been accurate before the events of the story I am writing, this bit of dialogue would take place after. Let me know what you think. Without further ado...
We have reinstated taco night. Long gone are the taco nights of my childhood, where hard taco shells are loaded with refried pinto beans, salsa, cheddar jack cheese, dollops of gaucamole and shredded iceberg lettuce. Taco night takes on a new meaning with locally sourced ingredients like radishes, greens such as Swiss chard or beet greens, sweet potatoes (garnet yams) and of course avocados.
Use circles.
1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped fresh cranberries
Germany has two types of infringement (1) reproduction – which covers unchanged copying and (2) adaptation – which covers alterations of an existing work.
"I'll never give up my hounds," said Tom doggedly.
Box 6:
Drake plays a hunch. He tells Sir James that he knows exactly the extent of his knowledge -- he sees that his hunch has hit home, and continues -- knows that Sir James has been stealing from him right and left, made him penniless. Now that you have me in your power, he says, what do you want?
But I think the simple question “How determined are you to maintain your margins?” would be an interesting way to gauge photographer and stylist views and confidence to maintain margins in this current climate.
We were very popular with the children and we were “Y’ed” everywhere.
Leggings: Wintersilks.
Jordan also knows that the only reason he's even in the college is to play hockey. So he feels that if he doesn't give it 150%, then he lets down someone that had faith in him--enough faith to save him. Using the particle collider is really his only hope to succeed in his quest, so this is a pretty big deal.
Strong.
He will also only drink cheap, “cool” beer like Pabst Blue Ribbon. The cheaper the can, the better. It’s hip to drink beer that tastes like stale, warm urine. He may encourage political debate and speak freely about why drugs need to be legalized. Stay away from this guy unless you have an Urban Hip-tionary with you. His drink of choice is PBR beer and he doesn’t do shots. Instead, he will be dropping acid in the bathroom to “broaden” his mind.
I hate it when that happens!
1 feeling
Callum Dune William
Someone mentioned something about one of my books recently with the feeling that maybe I'd like to go back and "do" something.
My cousin, Satan (As in "Get thee behind me..." He says all his friend's wives are convinced he's Satan, sent to lead their spouses into temptation.), is getting back into brewing. About six or seven years ago, he and a friend (now deceased) brewed an Oatmeal Stout and won second place in regional competitions leading up to the national AHA contest.
UDRCN Blog (udrcnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Something is definitely wrong with a populace that would see 1Malaysia as threatening to Malay rights simply because it aims to be more inclusive.
In the early stages of the conflict, violence is likely to be spontaneous, disorganized, and relatively low in fatalities due to the lack of availability of weapons and the vigorous riot control efforts of the authorities. However, once the Rubicon has been crossed and it has become clear to both sides that any sort of peaceful coexistence is impossible, cooler heads on both sides will start asking themselves what their long-term objectives should be and how they are most likely to be achieved.
Support Starbucks Day was a great gesture of support for a strong, ethical company. Starbucks promotes diversity and responsibility as key components of their corporate culture. Even if you missed stopping by last Saturday, stop by today and say “thanks a latte!”
Marty: "But my parents are supposed to kiss at the dance and fall in love! They're simple, impressionable folk and love just isn't going to happen without the kind of song Sha-Na-Na would later cover!"
2.Cover Letter (optional, depending on circumstance) A cover letter is a summary you give employers of why you of all people should get the job. Cover letters are where you will stand out, and are often the first thing an employer at when they’re sifting through piles of resumes. How to write a cover letter depends on your job. All in all, a cover letter should give reasons why you feel you’re best suited for the job, with some reasons/examples to back you up. Don’t go repeating your resume. Depending on the nature of your application, say if you’re applying for a job your aunt is hooking up with, or if you apply to a job at a career fair, you may not have the opportunity or need to write a cover letter. The key is to say what your resume cannot. Here’s some resume cover letter tips you can follow to help you.
“In the Bible, as a matter of fact, God does so many ungodly things—like not remembering our sins, erasing the quite correct handwriting against us, and becoming sin for us—that the only safe course is to come to Scripture with as few stipulations as possible. God used his own style manual, not ours, in the promulgation of his word. Openness, therefore, is the major requirement for approaching the Scriptures. And nowhere in the Bible is an un-made-up mind more called for than when reading the parables of Jesus.” (5)
Finally, after one of my many walks along the beach, a bit of prose spilled out of me. I offer it here for your review:
Vulnerable people who are sick, elderly or disabled can so easily feel pressure, whether real or imagined, to end their lives so as not to be a burden on others.
As I read the various comments that have been made, I wonder what has happened to the leadership of this sport over the years? Because when I look at traditional track powers like Britain, Russia and Cuba, I see the legends of the sport from their countries actively involved to help move the sport forward with Sebastian Coe, Sergei Bubka and Alberto Juantorena all in major roles within the sport.
X)X factor
“Object. Its object shall be to promote an earnest Christian life among its members, to increase their mutual acquaintance, and to make them more useful in the service of God. . . .
Last year, we wrote an article comparing President Obama's 2011 State of the Union speech to his 2010 State of the Union (Same State of the Union Address in 2011 and 2010 Emphasizes Obama Steps to Reelection).
I doubt this will ever happen. But if you ever get a call from jail, and it's me on the other end of the line, just know that something like this will probably be the reason why.
Best in Show
But I have a feeling they are stressed about the payments. They HAVE to work the long hours to pay for all that.
Who is a musician who plays the keyboards.
Lately I have been knitting lots of whale cat toys for our local Animal Shelter. It is now Spring season and that means it’s only a matter of time before all the shelters will be filled with lots of cute little fluffy kittens that will be cooped up in small cages all day. So I want to do my part to make their days a little less boring.
Woody
About Rachel Ashwell: Rachel Ashwell, was born Rachel Greenfield on October 30, 1959, in Cambridge, England and raised in London. Rachel is an author and interior designer who created the Shabby Chic style, opening her first store in 1989 in Santa Monica, California. Her mother restored antique dolls and teddy bears, and her father was a secondhand rare books dealer. While in her teens, Rachel began selling antiques at London outdoor markets, later pursuing a career as in England as a wardrobe and prop stylist for TV commercials and photo shoots. She currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
Girl Scout 1: big eyes fill with tears, low lip quivers But...but...
and then leave
Oh, I want those two records. Okay armpit holds wallet, one hand holds records, other holds deer.
"Brazilians are rapidly acquiring a taste for the finest American whiskeys, and (this) agreement -- when implemented -- will ensure the integrity and authenticity of these world class drinks," said Peter Cressy, president of the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. (DISCUS). "Formal recognition for bourbon and Tennessee whiskey producers is critical because it will ensure that only those products produced in accordance with strict U.S. standards will be permitted for sale in the Brazilian market."
2005: .330/406/.606 with 6 homers
In my opinion, book trailers and how effective they are for selling books depends on both the reader and the trailer. (I’ll explain this later on.)
I love people
Childhood can’t last forever, whether it’s your own – or your children’s. My oldest daughter’s friends have all started driving now and everyone is talking about college.
But what exactly makes a person belong within the Christian bubble of Olivet?
So are her legs.
A number of guards; the ones previously belonging to Sestillius I noted, surrounded the bier and scanned their surroundings looking for the intruders and there stood Fortunata wearing a gleaming ring that seemed rather familiar. Her countenance was frightening and we dared not move. Part of her tunic seemed splattered with ink and in one hand did she clutch a rolled-up scroll. Finally, after what seemed like a century, the guards shuffled off upon the orders of Fortunata and presently left us alone.
Her expression's enigmatic and I'd love to know her mind
*** Update: I just looked up at the mantle and guess what is no longer sitting there? I do believe the card now has a spot of honor in his office!!
Kathleen Britton a Certified Nurse Midwife from Poulsbo, Washington has more than 27 years experience in nursing, midwifery, women's health care and teaching. She is a three-time HOPE volunteer and will be serving as a nurse midwife and HOPE’s Operation’s Officer in Costa Rica and Guatemala.
Girls Secrets Personalized Journal $8.99
My kindergarteners have now spent the better part of the year together, working, playing, and learning.
I’ve come to believe that this is good advice for some people: the “moderators.” They do better when they try to make moderate changes, when they avoid absolutes and bright lines.
Whereas normal scenes take about 1000 words, these scenes are taking 2000-3000 words.
“Why are we walking?” Hank asked as he tried to keep up with Chris.
He also revealed he became a citizen in 2009 and boasted about having people in the PAP grassroots organizations:
Here are the notes I put on the album on Cdbaby:
She often drops hints about the fact that she would quite like to go to Finishing School, but sadly, the parents that she chose are short of a few bob, and a few titles for that one....
Grandma Mickie must have a secret magical power of foretelling the future. Or she knows the chaos that is our house a little too well! A package showed up the Thursday before Halloween, and the boys were beyond excited to find new jammies among the candy & treats. Owen immediately started pulling his shirt trying to get it off to wear his new jammies and the older boys raced to see who could get their new favorites on fastest.
A card for my then boyfriend (now husband) for our 13 month anniversary. He really likes Halloween and I was glad that lucky number 13 happened to be October. He loved the card. I was just starting to get to know my new Cricut so I was quite happy with how it came out.
I agreed with it deeply, people like us, no matter what the issue is, they will and always trust us..so i no need to explain more; people dislike us, no matter how persuasive or confidence of your statement was, they still cannot accept the fact, because the hate feeling is there, therefore, i do not need to explain more.
This weekend, I went away to visit my extended family members. It was pretty far, but definately worth it, after seeing the faces of my wonderful grand - parents! The city they live in, is fairly small, and most definately different from what I am use to, so a little adjusting is ovbiously necessary. Over all, it was a great weekend, well spent!
Jason said Mr D pointed out some of the flaws in the building finish and wasn't a fan of a large concrete post that was used as an architectural feature in the restaurant.
He is in deed our faithful Creator. He is very able to not only forgive us of our sins, but to see us through the messes that our sins have gotten us into. But He doesn’t stop there. After we have suffered a little while, He will restore us.
﻿- Small Tag from Tags, Bags, Boxes and More Cricut Cartridge cut at 3.25
….There are times in life
Oh baby, you don't need to tell me twice
Textiles maker Louise Gardiner was the craft&design Selected Maker of the Year 2012.
The narrative minimal too! I imagine a surreal representation of emotions, a doll for a lost child, a clock for a lost past. Dark, twisted, Tim Burton-esque depictions. I think I scared a few people the other day when I said “orange-juice amniotic-fluid”. We were thinking of child-abortion see and Gloria I think said something bout orange juice see. Gosh I like that phrase… far more then I think its healthy to like.
And secrets.
*Lyrics to "Sure Shot" by the Beastie Boys
Research in developmental psychology indicates that our worldview and moral development proceed in relatively linear stages, for example from pre-conventional, to conventional, to post-conventional. In addition, there is strong evidence that the average mode of moral development of a population is strongly associated with the types of social structures, institutions, and cultures that the population will have. Along these related arcs of individual development over a lifetime and social evolution over recorded human history, we find opportunities for a new take on natural law and a new story arc for humanity.
walking.” The man was healed on the spot. He picked up his bedroll
But later, when his tricks weren’t useful any more, we locked him in a cage, and got rid of him. (page 259)
of learning how to live
Take advantage of our special offer to attend all 5 sessions for just $150, or register for them individually for $75 each. Each registration includes one connection to each Part of the series, but you may gather as many of your staff, board members, and consumers to participate as you like!
President Jacob Zuma's home province is listed in the report as one of the places with high rates of unauthorised expenditure.
Disney, which is based in Burbank and plans to keep Marvel’s operations in New York, hasn’t tipped its hand on what lesser-known characters it believes have the potential to leap off the printed page.
1/2 cup grated Daiya (Mozzarella or Cheddar)
Big Insurance
Springfield, Massachusetts. My last visit here was 33 years ago when I came here to apply for a job that I didn’t get. I would certainly have led a much different life had I lived here. But I’m not going to have time to wander the streets here — in any case, the hotel staff warn me not to. As a New Yorker, I wonder about this. Downtown where the conference is held empties out around 5 pm, like many cities in the USA, but not like New York.
British accent. I need to acquire one. I’ve met quite a few bloggers now that live “across the pond”. There is one girl in particular that can say the SAME thing I do, but sounds so incredibly innocent and sweet while saying it. I am the exact opposite, so even acquiring a little may be a huge benefit.
Both kids got new bike helmets this week, Isabelle because she needed one and Corban because he may not necessarily need it yet but he likes to do what his sister does. He loved the helmet so much, he wore it around the house. Reading can be dangerous, I guess, so make sure you wear a helmet!
Sprinkles
Since pregnancy cannot be regarded as a burden, but in fact it is a blessing, a woman who passes away whilst in the process of delivering, is given the status of a martyr.
Today’s publishers, still entangled in the dying Gutenberg age, will, one hopes, spin off their talented editors as semi-autonomous units and gradually disencumber themselves of their obsolete infrastructure. Barring a nuclear disaster, life will go on as it always has: past, present, and future all at once. “–Jason Epstein
That’s how I feel when I read about Diaby’s recoveries. It doesn’t matter how often I get burned, I keep coming back for more. It doesn’t matter if I start out naive or cautious, I can’t help getting excited about his imminent returns. But Paul Robinson picked up where Dan Smith left off, and Diaby hasn’t been able to shake off the niggles in 18 months. What’s cheering though is that in the small glimpses we’ve seen this season, it looks like he’s managed to maintain his 2010 touch.
No questions will be asked of those who surrender their black jelly beans to BJBRS. I would rather you give them a loving end than cast them off to the bottom of the waste basket or damage their delicate psyches with hurtful words.
The next picture is the other chemistry event, Food Science. To prepare for it you need to do a lot of really bad baking to see how altering muffin recipes alters outcomes. You also need a good knowledge of nutrition, which we found out we have not spent enough time on yet. We have 5 more weeks to be ready...
Nevertheless, the US census began allowing mixed-race children to check more than one box for race in 2000. A somewhat snarky line in the New York Times article attributes this change to “years of complaints and lobbying, mostly by the white mothers of biracial children.” This ignores the contributions of adult mixed-race people such as psychology researcher Maria Root, whose work was considered by the government in their decision to change the census format.
Oh wait a minute, I forgot. Georgetown covered up its cross to accommodate the President of the United States when he decided to grace them with his presence. The reason: They didn't want to offend anyone, and wanted to be "inclusive". Then why did he pick a "Catholic" institution to do his speech? Or how about Notre Dame's shameful honorary degree given to the same President, who came on T.V. and scolded America about not coming to a "common ground", when it pertains to abortion. I have heard others using these two examples of "Catholic" universities as being more flexible and reasonable when it comes to being inclusive of everyone.
This slim volume, along with Ottoline's reflections on Cresswell's fellow New Zealander, the poet Kathryn Mansfield, friend to both, offers us another look into Ottoline's penchant for mentoring artists. Our Lady Bountiful supplied Cresswell with his longing for news from literary England after his return to New Zealand during the depths of the Depression in 1932. She sent him books & papers too costly for the poet. The pair shared a craving for Art, Beauty & companionship-
Poppies whose roots are in men’s veins
“Now you best listen to us, Sir”
Housing prices have been out of line in certain markets (L.A., Vegas, Phoenix, south Florida) for a long time. C'mon; if you're paying $1MM for a 1000 square foot home on a zero lot and think that you're making a good investment, you're an idiot. Add in that you entered into that mortgage with no money down and took an ARM loan that states pretty clearly that your interest rate could rise as much as 2% per year...you're now just gambling. It didn't matter when this correction happened, you were going to have a significant number of same said idiots that were going to get burned.
Braised Fennel
there may be a missing encore in here. This is apparently all I have,
The whole process was pretty hellish and the result? Ooft! I look like I've got something wrong with me. Well, I probably have lots of things wrong with me but never before has it seemed so apparent.
I drive past the signs for this on the 401 all the time. It’s one of those places that I think, wow my daughter would LOVE to go here, but secretly I would love to go too.
Now Eddie has his back, but Mills gets back up and Eddie has him up against the cage. They switch positions and Mills has Eddie up against the cage. And, now Eddie gets another take down. But, this time he lands in the full guard of Mills. Mills is trying to land some shots off of his back, but nothing with much force. Eddie lands some shots to the body from the guard of Mills.
The old man grinned at us and then smiled at my mother. “Simple, next time you see someone who needs help, don’t hesitate. Do for them like I’ve done for you – help however you can and ask nothing in return.” With that he climbed into his pick up and drove away.
This rejection of necessary connection by Hume stems from a real difficulty in finding out what it might consist of. The connection is either an event, a relationship or an object. If it is an object it is either physical or, perhaps, non-physical. Whichever is the case it is difficult to see what could be so versatile as to fit in 'between' each and every instance of cause and effect. Fundamentally, it is the purpose of this paper to suggest wherein this 'connection' might reside.
"I'm gonna be heading off now Betty, you know that I don't like long goodbyes".
BLDGBLOG would like at least three units, please.
Ruthless capitalism of the type espoused by a nationless elite with its global corporations and unremitting calls for more cheap imported labour is the ferocious gale battering against the great and ancient tree which is out nation, whereas Marxism with its joint tools of political correctness and lying propaganda is the rot gnawing at its roots.
My heart is mine
I played Oblivion for the second time since February today.
5) I love it here, I hate it here...
She was a young woman who knew who she was, knew what she was capable of. And she was making him look like a child without him knowing it.
I was a terrible student when I was younger. Never a bad kid -- didn't do drugs or hang with the bad crowd or mouth off, was just really quiet. I ignored school and read/wrote in the back of the class, needing both an outlet and escape from the hell of my life. I never studied EVER. It's amazing that I actually did do well in some classes. Because I never studied, I did horribly in math but excelled in English, but the math deficiency weighed heavily on me.
This sucks.
English is not a subject that is very friendly to Christian beliefs
Water purifiers with silver impregnated filters led the parade
Dr Albert
$1.00 off Pillsbury Refrigerated Cookie Dough
White
Asked about the development, Amit Khanna, chairman, Reliance Big Entertainment that runs Big Cinemas and Big Pictures among other film-related businesses, said: “We are all working towards an early resolution and I am hopeful that we will be able to resolve the matter very soon.” Khanna, however, said no solution had been reached yet.
Brown crushed noodles and almonds in butter. In the last couple of minutes add the sesame seeds and brown without burning. Drain on paper towels and cook to room temperature. Reserve until ready to serve salad.
She's had the same ('non-intrusive') editor for all of her books, who's just retired.
I decided to roam around San Pedro (a smaller city that borders San Jose) on my own to make some city discoveries. My key discovery was British-inspired cupcakes in Costa Rica!!! I found this adorable little bakery called Sweet Sensations that is owned by a young English woman from England, now living in Costa Rica. The design of everything inside the mini cafe/bakery screamed British Invasion. The cupcake selection ranged from fudge-filled to flavoured cheesecake ones that had real cheesecake inside. For those of you who are relentlessly wondering, I did ask her if she’d heard about the recent British boyband craze in Canada and America. Her answer was NO…and she barely had any knowledge of who One Direction even is. Goes to show how behind Costa Ricans are in pop culture! This sweetspot is definitely one of my faves in the city thus far and will be one of my go-to hangouts. Let’s collectively take a moment to pray for my thighs at this time.
Well, I hate to break it to you, but chances are you're really really fat. What do you mean how do I know? I simply know, don't be confused by the mirror, it is controlled by the Government who lies to you just so you can feel better and distracted from what's really going on. But trust me, my friend, trust me: you're fat.
9. Your blog will morph and change and take on an identity all of it's own. When I started out, I hardly ever wrote about writing. Now I do it all the time. Why? Because that's what I do. Because people ask me questions and I like to answer them. Because the Friends of Fibro seem to like them. Because I spend so much of my time writing that it's hard to overlook. And because blogs are best when they're true to what's going on in the blogger's life. Which is why I haven't written about my tomatoes this year. Crop failure.
-- New Orleans quarterback Drew Brees was named the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year. He got 43 of 50 first place votes.
Now, you could say: how is this different from life imprisonment without parole? Isn’t that also meant to deter and hence open to the same criticism? No, it isn’t. Life imprisonment is intended to stop the criminal from doing further crime, and hence the criminal isn’t used to deter others. Furthermore, life imprisonment is intended to give the criminal the opportunity to make amends.
Baby corns 3-4
But in one night, you decided to give it all away,
but look how pretty it is! the garage feels HUGE. it will be so nice to have someplace to store things. oh, and a place to park a car. imagine that! a garage where i can park a car, never had one of those.
'Cause I always wanted me one that was long and black.
My brother and I spend the morning chopping down limbs of a tree.
“Harold, I was distinguishing between the hard instinct, so to speak, and the herd instinct of violent sheep. You know, mad ewes chomping down on you because they see another doing it; and saying that if they got their hard instinct together, there’d likely be no sheep action.”
Firstly, thank you for all the kind comments. We are all slowly mending. My husband's operation rescheduled for this Friday ... so no coffee for him!
"No like"..........
i hope you enjoyed today's project!
Two estate agents came to value the cottage. If we were to sell, which we aren't, neither would have the privilege of selling it for us. The first came early before I was ready, fortunately husband was able to let him in. The second was late. Neither apologised. Uncannily they both valued the cottage at the same disappointing figure. Considerably less than the larger house next door which is currently for sale. This is the very same house that I recently wrote about being two council tax bands below our cottage. It has the same number of rooms as our cottage, although it is larger. More space means higher bills. The next door house also has a bigger garden. Our garden is big enough for us. We do not want to have to spend all day cutting the lawn. Whoever buys it will be paying a high price for the extra space. Both agents said that the next door house was over priced.
For the table names we used important places to us in Ireland for the US guests and important places to us in New York City for the Irish guests.
The Master also says in Matthew 9 when he is criticized for eating with the sinners:
Finally, he said, "You...uh...look like a fairy tale princess. Because of your hair."
Strong scenes structure is the favored model in the current publishing industry. This will be a fun and rewarding class. And tough. We’ll examine the micro and macro issues that make up great scenes, and we'll discuss books as well as movies for inspiration. You'll learn from an editor's perspective how to restructure scenes to make them more dynamic for the reader. Learn how to edit your scenes for tighter language, engaging action, compelling dialogue, and character development your readers will love. You’ll get an editor's perspective on issues of language, structure, and content.
I had heard that Beads of Courage had found a supplier for their butterfly beads, which is true. However, I have found, through dialogues on Lampwork Etc., that when artisan butterfly beads are available, Beads of Courage does want to use and will use the artusan made beads, too. After learning this, I began to make butterflies again. Here's a sample of what I will be sending in with my next box of beads to Beads of Courage.
Husband: Gerald Cline (m. 1953, div. 1957)
So we’re taking a full sized slum dwelling, a freestanding outdoor photographic exhibit, 4,500 photos and stacks of marketing material in between – and a tent and camping gear. I’m not sure if we’ll have room for our bags yet as our youngest daughter has arrived back early from Amsterdam and her seat was meant to be the space for that. On top of that we have people coming to stay at our place while we are away so it has to be spotless before we leave 8am on Saturday!
We had a new central air unit put in, today (replaced our old one). The guy in charge (co-owner of the small outfit selling the unit and doing the work) was incredibly pleased that we cut them a check for the full amount owed before he left. The two younger guys he had doing the real grunt work were incredibly pleased with the pieces of chocolate cake (made fresh last night) I sent with them--possibly more than if we'd given them cash tips.
Peace, Blessing, and E.. don't say it!!!!!... to all.
(and before the dent in my leg).
Lord Davies said: ‘We are on a steady journey towards our 25 per cent target, but the reality is that a lot more still needs to be done.’
I wanted to pass on an email I received from Focus On The Family. We are living in troubled times and as much as I hate to admit this, I believe that we as the Church have invited this upon ourselves by placing evil or ungodly men in positions of governmental power and influence who have used their positions of influence to enact laws that now threaten families and especially the safety of our own children. Without getting political, let me say that your voice matters and the fact that we have not supported Born Again governmental leaders or demanded that the ungodly follow Biblical principles in leading our nation has brought us to the kind of problems echoed in this troubling report. Check it out.
What a crazy, wild ride this thing called life can be! This may sound corny, but I think it’s so important to make a list-either physical or mental-about the blessings in your life from time to time. Sometimes we’re too busy feeling sorry for ourselves to realize how good we really have it. And I want to add all my blog readers onto my list of blessings! Thank you just for being you!
I was somewhere outside of Ludlow, California, headed due east for Kentucky, when I realized that I would be a liar for the rest of my life.
Tentative plans call for new retaining walls and a relocated driveway, but would retain the existing lap pool and spa.
Johnstone, who works as a vermicompost worm farmer in George, South Africa, trained as a paralegal through Damelin, but has been unable to find work in the field since graduating.
Congratulations on your Top Three spot, please take your Top Three badge for your blog!
You pretend you're not hurt and say you're over it,
Heidi was six years older than me and a traffic engineer, having graduated top of her class at U of T. She worked for a downtown firm, had a great apartment in the city and could make THE best fettucine alfredo. Oh, and did I mention she drove a BMW and drove stick? She was originally my brother's friend from summer lifeguarding but she soon saw my potential and took me under her wing. She's since moved to Australia, got married, had three kids and has climbed in her career down under. In short, she's still my hero.
But all kidding aside, I understand this one. If you work for the most powerful man in the free world, (Obama, not Biden), you don’t go “acting up” when you are representing him, nor the fine people of the United States of America. Especially among other people in other countries, for goodness sake!
City officials say municipal telecom service is an economic development strategy that will increase competition and provide high-speed Internet access to those who lack any kind of broadband. They point out that local governments traditionally provide public services – water, sewer, electric, natural gas, transportation – where the options are nonexistent or inadequate.
My oldest was a little sad but we still have about 4 cocoons left and that comforted her. I’m hoping the last few pick a nice warm week in which to emerge so we can let them out right away.
After he told me that, I knew he was right. I’ve been trying to satisfy too many people and as a result, I feel I have only done what had to done at minimum. On my end, it hasn’t been as fulfilling and believe me, I aim to fix this error… especially where stress management is concerned.
These self induced actions have been easy for me. The thing that has been hardest for me in mmo is to carry over the sharing of pleasure that I have with J when we fuck into my mmo sessions or extract the same pleasure from shared sessions that I have with my solo ones. It has been difficult for me to involve her because it is my nature to tend to her and not myself when we have sex. I have been programmed to give her pleasure from years of me giving her oral sex and fucking her. I can’t let go and focus on me when I know she is there and I am not tending to her needs.
Travel Tissue Covers: 1
So it would be interesting to know how much of your talents you think others see in you, because it’s a good measure of how much of your potential you are actually using at work. And based on your personal assessment, you might also like to extrapolate to the people around you at work. There will probably be someone who is fulfilling a lot more of their potential than most, and they are likely to be the role model for people around them. Well done if you’re that person! This is leading by example.
Is cast into agnostic
Second, we need real health reform, not the Obama style, but we need health reform that allows her to buy in. And Dr. Paul is right. She ought to get the same tax break whether she buys personally or whether she buys through a economy.
(This came out of reading in Psalm 78 this morning, remembering God’s faithfulness in desert times.)
You already have 8 things on your list, and you haven’t even gotten to other things in your life that are good. It makes you feel “full” instead of “in lack” and that is a great thing.
Gems and sentiments form sisters stash
"Girls In Black" - 3:16
Suppress the people spy on the people use them as research and allow agency’s to have full access to the people’s private lives.
My other half often accuses me of being a book worm. I don’t mind this label, to me it’s a label that I am out and proud of. I have an obsession with books, of all kinds, fiction, non-fiction, self-help, craft books, coffee books, travel books, dictionaries… I am delighted by my big white bookcase, bursting at the seems with colourful books. I work for a publishers and take books out of our library and use our staff discount. I’ll frequently visit our city library at lunch or at the weekends, browsing for fun, picking up random books that catch my eye, and stumbling home with bulging bags of more books.
Over time we've lost this process of acquisition. I read an article awhile back about Pink Floyd fighting Itunes over separating their songs into individual tracks. I can't remember if they won or not but I do remember being really struck by the concept. Remember when you had to buy entire albums? Hell, remember when skipping a bad song on a tape meant sitting there with your finger on fast forward? Stopping the tape in the right spot became a point of pride for me.
thanks for popping in today!!
My irritation with Andie McDowell remains as strong as ever, yet I find Billy Bush strangely endearing.
I was a nurse extern in the ED for a little over a year. I learned a lot about ED policies, nursing protocols, and generally how the flow of things goes. I was very confident that I would be able to smoothly transition from that role into the role of the primary nurse and on most accounts, I am. There were a couple of times this week that I felt very alone, though. My preceptor is on vacation and on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday, other nurses were filling in...some really AWESOME nurses, too. They were very willing to help and answer any questions I had, but the ED was CRAZY busy this week and my preceptors were being pulled in all different directions, leaving me to fend for myself at times (although not intentionally!) I know it's not supposed to be that way, but sometimes...I guess that happens. It was a scary, scary feeling.
This blog will also discuss any interesting projects I work on as an editor, if the circumstances allow, as I would like to write more about the different crafts in both film and television. The first year of this blog definitely skewed towards more traditional written reviews of newer films, but I do promise there will be more older films to be the subject of written or video pieces, whether I am watching them for the first time or revisiting a classic or less-than-classic. Once again, if Hollywood continues to release what they're putting out now, I plan to largely ignore those movies and talk about something more interesting. That's why I enjoy the freedom of blogging.
4. I knit for my mental health.
On December 8, 1991, the South African revolutionary Chris Hani stated: "The ANC does not hide its close ties with Cuba which has assisted the ANC and now needs help itself... The ANC has got very strong links with Cuba."
I have met a man, too, who is tall, strong and tender. His name is Karl. He sort of reminds me of my past, because I have told him all about it. Being around him is the least painful thing about my day. His voice takes me to places I thought I’d never reach. His touch is like a drug that I cannot have enough of. He does not think I am ordinary, but I think I am. Everything about me is ordinary. And oh, it hurts to be that far from perfection!
I know, I know, not very pro-looking, but IT'S A UNICORN. IT'S RAINBOW. My deepest wish has been fulfilled (and I swear it's now out of my system, for good... maybe).
Can you explain it to me?"
The definite keepers that I got out of the 5 were these two. The Neil Walker is a 2011 Topps Opening Day blue parallel that I needed for my master set which is currently stalled a bit. I still need a little less than half of the blues and 1 Toppstown to have a complete master set (including the autos). The other keeper is a 1979 Topps Eddie Murray 2nd year card. I still need Murray's 78 for my rookie cup collection, this one is pretty sweet as well and will be helpful once I decide to build the 1979 set at some point (possibly next year).
But Santa, my dear Santa Claus,
Even his more light hearted efforts like Ferris Bueller’s Day Off would have these underlying story lines, as Cameron had a difficult life while it seemed like all his friends and all those around him, including his best friend Ferris, had the perfect life.
I could be hit by a car tomorrow. There are no guarantees in life.
Well after my lovely rest yesterday we did manage to go shopping today.
I had a sample skein, but not a color card, so I had to trust the colors on the web when I placed the order. They all looked absolutely luminous, and when the yarn arrived, Berroco did not disappoint. Captiva is shimmery and silky, and the colors are just amazing. Iridescent is the word that comes to mind. Think how an opal would look if it were spun into yarn! That's what the Captiva looks like. It's soft and supple but not at all limp.
St. John of the Cross, Carmelite mystic and Doctor of the Church, wrote four major works.
Her words almost echo the decision of Mark Twain’s Huck Finn to choose to go to Hell and help the runaway slave, Jim; rather then return him to his owner. It is a bold, noble and selfless act, one that demonstrates everything Xavier believes. Stryker is not impressed and aims a gun at her. A nearby police officer shoots and incapacities Stryker.
In fact, this taste-test has reinforced my belief that 'different' - even in the case of a favourite - needn't necessarily mean 'disappointing'.
Toy-Teddy Bear (Theodore), Remote control truck
Let me also say at the outset that Learning How to Learn is not predicated upon any authoritative, longitudinal studies. It is documented with a rich and varied bibliography of current literature on American higher education that I have been tracking down, reading, writing about, and commenting upon from the web-based vantage point of the virtual Creative Research Center at Montclair State University.
Dress: Joe Brown
Whisk the hot water into the gelatin to soften, making sure that there are no lumps, then let it sit while you scald the milk. Thoroughly whisk the gelatin into the milk, again, making sure that there are no lumps.
George Carlin
I work primarily as a Homeopath and through my work get to listen to the inner most secret world of my patients. Working with children is amazing, because when given the space to express themselves they are like a fountain of self-awareness and wisdom. They know what their needs are; they’re just rarely given the opportunity to express them.
Ole Miss
Now, let’s get some of that juicy GPS data from outer space.
The one thing that has passed us by though is sleep-walking (and its subconscious cousin: sleep-talking). The very idea appeared quite extraordinary to my six year old self. There were the stories from childhood friends – a granddad who went downstairs, still fully asleep, to put on his galoshes “because there was a flood”; other people’s brothers who woke the house, shouting at 3am in the morning at "the nightmare-monster attacking me", and the sensationalist tales from newspapers, with people being found on motorways in their pyjamas as the red sky of dawn approached. All this behaviour being involuntary and uncontrollable sounds odd to we humans – so used we are to being in command of every action.
I think an urban policy program rooted in social justice should have greater emphasis on the plight and assets of urban communities of color and the potential policy options to improve the lives of people living in these communities.
Let's consider a suspense genre book with a crime scene for an example...
Sometimes I find valuable info on Facebook like great apps to download, meatless recipes and confirmation that I am not the only person addicted to Pinterest.
More and more, as it’s clear Romney will win (but only after Santorun and Gingrich eviscerate him), the problem Obama has is peaking too soon.
I’m trying to encourage Trishna Dey to have her poems translated into English. I could even attempt to do so myself. Once there are translated they may have a better chance of receiving the recognition they so richly deserve. I may come back in my blog to Trishna in a few months with a sample of her poems in English.
Spoon over the crumbled goat's cheese and scatter with the pancetta and toasted pine nuts.
I think it was summer, Joe said it was September.
system, she admits that she's something of a seeker. On the
But she noted that the group’s senior cadre served more as facilitators, setting up meetings between traffickers and other powerful figures in the region.
It was super easy. It might have taken me thirty minutes to make. I used:
Ballad of a Deadman – The White Buffalo
We’re also going to video all of our efforts, by the way. More on this below.
You know I'm not the great black-back
It's as if my house is filled with light. I come home and colors are more vivid, sounds more brilliant, and smells more delicious. I am filled with contentment; the message 'everything will be alright' beats through me. I love coming home, particularly because home is filled with music.
Can't get rid of the darn thing.........
As for now..
As if reading my mind, Jane turns to me. She throws her bottle to the side of the road. In the otherwise silent night, the sharp noise of shattered glass sounds foreboding.
Canon G7 VS the Canon G6. The Canon G7 has brought new features to the Canon Powershot series and is taking the place of the Canon Powershot G7. I have listed the new features along with a side by side comparison of the Canon G7 and the Canon G6
* 6 song acoustic set
Smiler also brought 3 guests on during the night, one by name of Sam Roman, the hilarious Bigz who threw some amazing faces and weird gestures which I was loving and also a female singer called Amy and I can’t for the life of me remember her sur name but she had a great voice.
So we will see. I have this paper from a pullout section in Somerset Studio and I would really like to create this paper onto the cover using paint and the silhouette of the young girl. Stay tuned for updates.
Kozakura, 38, was convicted last year of property destruction after a man said she kicked in the wooden door of his room and crawled inside, apparently because he was with another woman. Kozakura had said the man made the hole himself.
The mediocre super-hero movies of this year’s batch. They both had cool things (most of the Thor/ Asgard stuff , and Fassbender). They both also had some fairly glaring flaws (most of the Earth stuff in Thor, and the horrible, over-the-top acting of Kevin Bacon in X-Men). Origin stories are interesting sometimes, and sometimes they feel like setup. These two flicks wound up more on the “felt like setup” side. Thor was the most obviously “engineered for The Avengers” of all of the pre-avengers movies. X-Men seemed to want to establish a new group of actors to play younger versions of these characters, because presumably Famke Janssen, Hugh Jackman, James Marsden are all too fucking old at this point, or have realized they have better things to do. If that’s the case with X-Men, I give it a pass, because I like the new cast. Unfortunately, I fear that Jennifer Lawrence may have something better to do now (what with being the lead in The Hunger Games and all).
“I really don’t have the money to be doing this, even though it makes me soar”
As challenging it is... it was so much fun modelling each of these figure :) I guess there is definitely a kid inside all of us! This was for a 22 year old girl who still loves Disney (who doesn't!?)
Eventually the Occupiers went back to 60 Wall Street for a General (Peoples) Assembly. They have lots and lots of plans. Next up, December 24-25, 2011
Today I received the sweetest surprise package in the mail from my friend Amy. It was filled with these beautiful vintage spools. There were even some green ones and one in blue and orange! I have never found an orange spool. Can't wait to match it up with a feathered friend! I was so touched by Amy's kindness. I first met her through the Jo Morton Stitchers group. She is a very active group member and has organized many a fun project exchange for us.
You want to read something terrifying? Read Chapter 9 of Susan Faludi's Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women*. It was written TWENTY YEARS AGO, and it reads like Johnny Carson's "Carnac the Magnificent," revealing the punchlines before the joke is read. Except this is no joke. It's terrifyingly, nauseatingly real. The war has not only been declared, it's being won by 7 to 2 votes cast by middle-aged white men.
1. Green Shirt- Elvis Costello and the Attractions
He squinted at the flashbulbs and kept moving. Ten feet from the car now.
As you may have noticed among all these activities, there's not alot of writing going on.
The diagnosis now is a pulled hamstring.
President Barack Obama delivered his State of the Union Address (SOTU) Wednesday morning (Manila time). There was this awkward moment when the President vowed to implement reforms by filing cases against former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
First of all I got my lovely husband to find his compass in the barn, and then persuaded him to draw me a 60 degree diamond template (or you could do this bit yourself unless, like me, you are very bad at angles etc...). As I said my diamond was 1 and a quarter inches long but I would suggest you make yours a bit bigger for a full sized quilt!
Luckily I am cured of Alcohol and its mean ways, but that means I linger until 1.20am hearing retreating voices below – ‘time please ladies and gentlemen’ – ‘time please’ called for numerous hours and then snigger and laff out on bayed window space until I have a headache for lack of Alcohol to send me sleepward and then to be right royally rogered by First in their capacity not to get to said destination this morning on time…and cause the gills of hell to open be ready to leave me entrailedless in Truro behind its bowlless arse.
Mexican food with corn tortillas in stead of flour tortillas
2) Get a microphone if you want viewers to hear people who are more than 3 feet from the computer
Below the tree on textured hills, we see the rabbit racing along, ever hurrying in his desire to not be late! The copper embossed rabbit echoes the wonderful warm color scheme of the page. What a perfect stamp for this scene! Ky has combed hills out of modeling paste, building up layers of color with multiple applications and distress ink and homemade glimmer mist for color. What fabulous texture! It adds such a tactile element to the page.
The performances are still admirable in this movie, but most of the people didn’t have a lot of emotional legwork to do. Sylvester Stallone has a pretty good emotional bit in the movie when he was talking to Mickey about needing to at least be around boxing. It was real and it was well done, but mostly Stallone kept up the same act of talking way too much and getting on my nerves. I don’t know why he felt the need to narrate everything he did in the movie, but he did. Like during the wedding scene when it was time to kiss the bride and he had to say, “Let me lift up your veil here,” or something like that. This made it easier for me to not watch the screen and still know what was happening, but I feel like the general majority of the audience is actually watching. Talia Shire and Burgess Meredith were still both great in the movie, but they each only had like one emotional scene, so they didn’t impress as much.
Grill over medium heat for 10-15 minutes, turning and basting frequently with leftover marinade.
TRUMPED
I consider myself to be a good shopper and yet I was surprised to learn of some of the retailers that offer a Teacher Discount. In case you didn't know, these are a few of the retailers offering discounts to educators.
11. Last Station (2:46)
49And the word of the Lord went through all the country.
"I'll be leaving for a few weeks," I said. "I'm going to Italy. Visiting grandma's old stomping grounds."
She used BLD Digital Stamp:
She then calls me back immediately thereafter, saying, “That’s great… for Monday night. Tonight we’re doing BBQ tofu, and tomorrow we’re doing borsht.”
The other day after a chat with someone I painted a wee water colour for and she was telling me how much she loved it and appreciated it, which was nice, but It made me realize that all the paintings I had done since I left high school (a wee while ago now) were gifts for other people. It’s nice creating things for others, but I really wanted to do something just for me. Painting for enjoyment alone.
It’s fitting that hanging was his method of choice, because of its connotations of capital punishment. It had been used as a method of execution by the Persian Empire even earlier than 400 A.D. and was used to punish common criminals in feudal England, whereas beheading was reserved for people of more noble blood. Ironically, until 1808 in some parts of the world, attempted suicide was punishable by death, and those guilty were killed by hanging. Had that law persevered and my father survived his attempt, the court would have hung him anyway.
M is for marriage: 11/20/2004
12.5 gram gelatin sheet (you add 5 more gram it need bit more firm)
wrote superbly in Amharic,
Workbook and textbook storage in my built-ins. We don't use them much, so I like to keep them out of my kiddos hands. You can also see a small glimpse of my (dreadfully sad) library. I have wonderful books, but my organization is embarrassing. Year two will be much better, I promise.
See, René was able to stretch this formula into almost 100 films, all of which were directed, produced, written and gaffed in his home country south of the border. There were some intriguing titles too, like The Treasure Of The Amazon, Guyana: Cult Of The Damned, The Bermuda Triangle, Beaks: The Movie, Guns and Guts and that indispensable MBZ standby, Night Of A 1000 Cats.
But Sides doesn’t mention the name James Earl Ray until page 321. Up until that point, Ray is known by his aliases, especially Eric Galt, and also Ramon Sneyd, and Harvey Lowmeyer. This was a thrilling and haunting read. A book like this could easily have been sold as fiction and would have been a bestselling novel about the hunt for an assassin. But that it was about Martin Luther King’s assassin makes it so much more eerie. I almost didn’t want to enjoy this book, but it was a terrific tale that illuminated a perspective of 1968 that must be explored.
One thing I learned: we have to stay 8 feet away from a building so we don't block pedestrian traffic.
souffled twice-baked potatoes with kale
Even though yesterday was Saturday I had to start somewhere but today I will do more and *try* to dedicate time on Sundays to purge and simplify.
If a salad you were to punch you in the face with freshness, it would undoubtedly be Fattoush.
Chipstead
Leaves - fresh meadow, soft green
Srila Prabhupada, you have already foreseen all these shams and have written about them. You have pointed out that these ‘humble gurus’ are also sahajiyas.
If one assumes that the oil peak is far off and that technology will allow us to make a smooth transition to the next energy economy (and solve other related problems that threaten to annihilate us such as global warming), then there is no need to worry about the effects of sudden demand destruction in the oil markets. But, if the peak arrives soon, say, within the next 10 to 15 years, then no bloodless abstraction such as "demand destruction" will be able to obscure the fact that it is people who are going to get destroyed, and lots of them.
I secretly throw up in my mouth every time I sit at a meeting and listen to some Executive or Creative talk about what other people want and think. In Conference Room A is an ultra conservative, right-wing Ivy League WASP dude talking about how poor inner-city black kids feel and think about fashion; in Conference Room B is the power-hungry closet lesbian pushing 50, talking about which clubs the kids are hitting these days.
Switching perspective can be difficult, especially when you don't want to.
Not that it was a thing abominable to eat dainty meats, and to drink wine, as both before and after they did, but if they would have by this been won to the King, and had refused their own religion, that meat and drink would have been accursed.
Hah. That’s the big question, isn’t it? Our world is more fragile, and ours is the one that was made separate, so it wouldn’t survive the collision. And the Veil is what keeps our world in existence, so if it ever vanished, so would our world. We wouldn’t; we’d just be stuck with living in yours. Without the Veil’s protection, I might add, because it also acts as a filter, a kind of distorter of your perceptions. It’s why we’re not so noticeable in your world. The witch-queen has a beef with that, because she wants power in your world, and she can’t have it with the Veil there. So she’s got this mad idea of destroying it. Not that she has to, because it’s thinning anyway, and one day it’ll die of its own accord.
It wasn't something that I ever dreamed of. It just never entered into my brain.
According to Mr. Johnson, "There haven't been any major changes in the Princess Theater itself; the changes have been in the movies made and in the number of movie theaters in Roane County. The Princess is the only one left, and even though it's the only movie theater
1-11 Glass Structure 3:55
For Obama, Bill Clinton is a fundraising juggernaut, a powerful reminder to voters that a Democrat ran the White House the last time the economy was thriving. For the spotlight-loving former president, stronger ties with the White House and campaign headquarters mean he gets a hand in shaping the future of the party he led for nearly a decade.
I'll go back to Flagstaff as soon as I can, and when I do, I hope to be able to visit Beaver Street Brewery again.
and forgotten by all
I think the original Alaska Airlines stuff came out in the early '80's and I think the great Joe Sedelmaier was involved in the early days. Here's just a tip of the iceberg selection of ads from yesteryear and yesterdecade that prove the point that as long as you've got something interesting and differentiating to say about the product you don't have to reinvent the wheel every time you come to write a new ad.
A quick and delicious breakfast is that which is expected during the weekends, this yummy breakfast is not just quick but also healty as it consumes less amount of oil and includes more than a variety of vegetables, most importantly its a filling breakfast hence consumption of junk such as chips, chocolates , biscutes etc… are reduced .
It seemed odd to think that only thirty hours ago I had been sitting in a Starbucks having coffee. But then that man with the formidable mustache had sat down next to me.
Checked and photographed as well. Our well-being's not risked.
269 - Lamar Johnson
And speaking of which, tomorrow night at 7:30 at the Founder’s Room at Galen Center, I’ll be speaking on leadership and ethics (stop laughing), the blog, my life, bears, bachelor, football and even some lazer tag. Admission is free but super limited at this point. Register HERE and show up. I will answer all questions in the Q&A afterwords. I am not writing a speech, it’s going to be stream of consciousness just like the blog. Hope to see you.
~Charlie Brown
It was hot and pretty humid this evening, but I went running anyway! I was happy I forced myself! I wanted to go to the battlefield for four miles, but there was a chance of thunderstorms, and it seems like it always storms every time there’s a chance, so I decided to stay close to home and run through my neighborhood instead just to be on the safe side.
The third installment (a blaster) is coming soon.
that not be…weird?
This is day four of a two day project as quoted by my husband. He is awesome like that ;) He has been filling the hole above the fireplace. You know those ridiculous media niches that became obsolete once flatscreen tvs were all the rage. Yet, they continued to install these media niches in homes. I know. We have one. In our house built in 2006. My hubbie has been wanting to mount our tv over our fireplace for over a year. Since the day we looked at this house :) Here is a picture of our niche as of Saturday morning...
The measure, sponsored by state Sen. Tony Avella (D-Queens), applies only to the city and requires any firm that erects a foreign-language sign to also post a sign of equal size in English.
1. Positive, Negative, Positive: As a college student at one of the top art colleges in the country, I had to participate regularly in critiques. One of the most valuable lessons I learned in critiques was how to critique a classmate in a way that wouldn’t offend him/her. Simply put, always start with a positive. Nobody wants to hear somebody slam something they’ve done right off the bat. If you proceed your criticism with a positive, and immediately follow the criticism with another positive, the blow will be much easier to hear and digest. The listener won’t be so eager to defend him/herself and their work, but will be more willing to listen.
Friday sketch challenge - this is the 1st challenge and I for one am glad to see a new sketch challenge out in blogland, and i have followed this weeks sketch by Debra.
take care of this vine,
The P0rn Detection Stick is a thumb drive device that will search through all the images on your computer. Scan them for p0rnographic content, and create a report of suspected p0rnographic images. It even scans deleted images and Internet cache files so there’s no hiding Internet activity. This means even if Internet Explorer cache files are deleted, many images can still be recovered and scanned for p0rnography. Best of all, no software is installed on the target machine so they don’t know you’ve performed a search. You can even securely delete objectionable images…Paraben’s P0rn Detection Stick allows you to find images that potentially can include p0rnographic contents. Paraben’s P0rn Detection Stick scans an arrangement of images to determine attributes that indicate the image may be of a p0rnographic nature. It uses sophisticated, analytical processes; consisting of thousands of algorithms. These include 11 different detection methods to provide enough information to reliably distinguish between p0rnographic and non-p0rnographic images.
but I wasn’t surprised
Ever have one of those weeks where you just keep repeating the same mistake over and over? You know you shouldn't and yet you refuse to listen to your instincts. Maybe some of us are more wired to be like that. I don't know.
Every morning, I wake up and ask this one question: when will Germany come to its senses and pull out of the euro? After all, Germany is the only real engine of the European Economic Community. Greece’s GDP…it’s less than 10% of Germany’s GDP.
As for mods, there really aren’t that many. You may remember that I really, really prefer knitting my socks toe-up, but I just didn’t have the energy to convert this pattern. I didn’t want to lose the cool foot, and my brain is just way too all over the place to create some nifty solution. Instead, I bit the bullet and followed the pattern.
What can everyone take away from this episode of the Stupid Boss Files? That owning to your responsibilities in everyday life will help you build your integrity. Integrity helps strengthen personal relationships as well as professional ones. Teaching my children about integrity has been focus area for me – especially where my youngest is concerned. Her ADHD and anxiety make her a particular target for irresponsibility and I cannot emphasize to her enough that everyone makes mistakes, but what will set you apart from others is your ability to own up to your mistakes and to take your consequences with dignity.
This will do between 1-2 washes. Just mix until dissolved and clear and store until you are ready to use. Once in the shower pour over dry hair to wet thoroughly paying careful attention to get all the way to the scalp wet. Allow this to set for a few minutes and then rinse thoroughly. Rinse longer and more than you think you need to for the best results especially at first as you will need to wash away the remaining products that you used to use.
And yet, folks get really antsy when the word is used, as if hanging out and dating are a major leap from each other. Incidentally, I tend to define dating as the time when 2 people who are attracted to each other and sense some sort of chemistry/connection spend time with each other on a fairly consistent basis in an effort to get to know each other better.
Yawee, you explained very well the attributes of the target creating an entangled state with the template Human. Now we reveal that the template was (1) a woman (2) who is pregnant. You have…
Stamps: Simply Soft, Teeny Tiny Wishes
After sloughing through the NoX and coal filled air that the communists force upon their citizenry, I found myself at a local building where I frequently find myself. As per usual in China, many of the elevators in the fine establishment, which although only a decade old had more cracks in its veneer than the communist party which paid for its manufacture, were not functioning.
Jozef Bulatovic
Through the use of Adobe Photoshop and Dreamweaver and analysis of web design principles I have considered the techniques necessary to design and build a photographer’s online portfolio and appreciate the interactive and online possibilities available to the photographer in promoting myself to a wider audience. I have also created a CV and business cards to aid in this promotion. The resulting website will serve as a showcase for my work completed on the course.
“Well, I know that! But I asked for a camel!”
He is so patronizing, why doesn’t he adopt Mr. Rotten for chrissakes. I mean he insults his jacket, really? I love Mr. Rotten’s reasoning, the way he argues when he is forced to, “Clothes are fantastic!” YES! Telling it like it is. YES! ”I have introduced new concepts like honesty” He did. Don’t talk to me about Malcolm Mclaren, if you do I will just think you are dumb like the talk-show host. “You don’t know do you” Love it. Johnny is the real deal, he has the stuff.
Although I was late for a grand entrance at the run, I felt like royalty on that bike, only cooler.
When I saw my first Fujipet, I instantly fell in love with its design. To me, it is the epitome of 1950s Japanese futuristic style. It is art. It has Astroboy hair. It just looks COOL. When I finally found one (then two), I knew it was something special. Again, it just looks so COOL, and you look cool using it. When you carry it, people give you that "what the..." look. And, yes, it is fun and easy to use! What can it do? Check out the site, and I will do my best to let you in on everything I know about this little wonder. Which isn't a heck of a lot so far, but I hope to increase my knowledge base and share it with you.
The gospel advances through the lives we live, not the laws we pass. That is a biblical and historical reality.
Quilting cotton scraps for house back, roof, window, and door
Chicago and are essentially contemporary comedies. With Chronal Engine, I wanted to try something more of an action and adventure and had always had an interest in dinosaurs, so I figured that would be a good place to start.
To start off this Flower Pot Box is perfect for Mother’s Day or any special occasion. The Flower Pot Box would make a great favor for showers or other spring parties! Pair it up with the coordinating card and you have a cheery combo sure to put a smile on anyone’s face! This project is also a quick and easy class, club, or camp project!
How John Found the Nikon Coolpix P2 Digital Camera
In Enid Blyton’s Five on a Treasure Island, published in 1942, the story revolves around Julian, Dick, George and Anne finding a treasure map with the word ‘ingots’ (gold) marked by a red ‘x’. Luckily the map is of an island owned by George’s family, but before they can search for the treasure they hear the island is to be sold, resulting in a race against time.
13. Concrete Jungle
Unfortunately, they approached a cliff. Left with no choice, Lee Gak prompts his horse to jump to the opposite cliff and his men followed his lead.
This cute little guy would look really sweet propped up against your books (wise owls love books!). Alternatively you could fill him with lavender instead of polyster stuffing to make a cute lavender sachet, or add a loop of ribbon before you sew his front and back together and display him on the wall or hanging from a doorhandle.
“True success is a smile,” Orman says philosophically. “It’s a smile in your heart because you feel like your life is complete. Then you’re successful. It’s not gauged by how much money you have. Look at Bernie Madoff. He was seriously considered a success by so many—even when he was hurting so many.”
it's been a long time since i've posted on my blog, i dunno if anyone noticed but if you were waiting, i apologize.. and welcome to all the new followers :)
Our story starts out in high school with our two main characters, Jenko (Channing Tatum) and Schmidt (Jonah Hill). Jenko is your average meathead jock that picks on smart, shy guys like Schmidt. Fast-forward a couple years; Jenko and Schmidt are in the police academy. Both decide to accept their differences and help each other out to graduate. But of course, they suck at being cops and end up getting undercover jobs at 21 Jump Street. Ice Cube stars as their new boss, Captain Dickson (Oh wow is that a subtle penis joke?…), and he assigns them to a high school where a new synthetic drug is being made. Their job is to bust the dealers and suppliers, and make as many jokes involving a man’s nether regions.
To see who's real and a fake when I look at a strangers cracked reflection.
PS: Seriously, go listen to the Rupp show. They’re killing it.
And raped the spirit he was supposed to nurture
Eternal
65g of icing sugar, sifted 91/2 cup)
Milligan and Murphy were brothers. They introduced themselves to the world as such and such was the blatant straightfacedness that accompanied this assertion that few felt remotely inclined to press the matter further. As it happens there was sufficient physical similarity between the two men to win over even the most sceptical of individuals. That said, most people had enough things to worry about without losing any sleep over the likes of these two. Needless to say, they weren't actually brothers. No. For the record they were half-brothers; each had been dragged screaming from the innards of the same mother though a different father had been guilty for them winding up there.
Have I the Right? It's all very Bay City Rollers but that's no bad thing.
Crocidile Shop - Head (Susstones 1987)
5/23/7:30pm – Kraeusen starting to settle down, primary appears to be past. Temp = 68˚.
Second thing: There is only one person on the planet that you can change! And it isn't your spouse!!!
Hilda the One-Eyed Hen is one tough old bird. Last summer she was the only survivor after an attack by a predator. Her eye and a portion of her head was so swollen I didn’t think she’d make it, but she did! The swelling went down, but she lost vision in her eye as a result of the incident. I figured she wouldn’t last long, as a one-eyed chicken can’t see 50% of what might be coming for her. (Which unfortunately is why she seems to be preferred by the roosters.) But she made it through the cold winter, only to face death again.
The operation appears to be success, util the poor guy is attacked by the janitor one night and kills him in self-defense. Looking at the corpse, he has a complication to eat it. Cannibalism is one heck of a side effect to brain transplant surgery, no? He lumers off to find Frankenstein to ask for help. Unfortunately, he blows Frankenstein’s true idetty in the process.
One of the things I love about the ALA awards is that they are so much a product of their committees’ hard and very serious work. We call them our Oscars, but they’re really nothing like the Oscars—and thank God for that. Can you imagine the rage in Hollywood if the best picture nominations went like the CSK for illustration this year or the Caldecott last year, with only one honor and one winner? Or better still, if best actor was like the Schneider, where the committee declined to pick a winner for children’s books? And even when I find it personally frustrating in the short term, I love that the Printz and the Newbery are nearly impossible to handicap these days. Meanwhile, the Oscars nominated nine movies for best picture this year, all usual suspects included, and if they could find a way to do more, they would.
And the UK consultants advising both Najib and Nazarbayev should explain how they believe that propping up these two regimes with slick PR advice can in any way promote the cause of democracy in these two countries?
The figure is painted with acrylic paints. the base is made of styrofoam, wich I tried to look like a street with paving-stones. It didn't come out well. I also didn't want to paint it in the usual grey colors these men normally wear. That's why I used this greyish blue.
Here I am, fifteen years later. I eventually picked up reading and writing again. I majored in English, after all. But I still don’t consider myself a particularly talented writer. I often believe, to this day, that my creativity peaked at age eight. I was recently chatting about this with an acquaintance over a beer. He asked why I don’t consider myself a “writer” and I said:
Rather than teaching adults and children to find their commonalities, they are promoting “social justice.” Let us define the difference between equal justice and social justice a bit. Equal justice is what we, as Americans, and especially our founding fathers, hoped to create in this country. Equal justice is portrayed in our society by a blindfolded justice holding the scales. She is blindfolded as to not see your race, your religion, or your social status as a factor in applying the law.
#4 Say No To Sweets
I still remember my first time behind a wheel of a car, legally...
Below is Stephen Crane’s “In the Desert”, a poem that has a similar effect as the above stanza. I recall Galway Kinnell using it to preface an essay in which he talked about the nature of being a poet.
This debate is contemporary Metaphysics, the branch of philosophy that examines the nature of reality. It includes the relationship between mind and matter, essence and attribute and fact and value. Metaphysics is the philosophical study of being and knowing. What is real, what is illusion; what is actually happening and what are political myths.
Then she began to wish for zero; the only figure that could add nothing and take nothing away. She lay on her bed, curled up in a tight round ball and dreamed of the glorious round nought without a beginning or end.
Soft. Safe. Warm. Protected. Happy. Light-hearted. Unafraid. Calm. Lustful. Silly.
After a day off, I only ran a very slow mile on the treadmill to warm up before doing a grand tour of the Nautilus machines. When I first explored the weight room here at Osan, I hadn’t lifted weights in longer than I care to admit so I was really struggling that first day. However, the weights have been my big stress relief. Lifting replaced running as a way to take out anger and frustration. That first day, I wrote down how much I could lift for three sets of 8-10 reps. Today, I brought that list with me to see how far I have come in the last few months. I was amazed to see that I have nearly doubled the weight on almost all of the machines! Granted, there was one that I couldn’t even use at first because my elbow would lock up painfully, but now I can push 40 lbs! I’m not going to win any contests, and the weights I’m lifting are still pretty pathetic, but improvement is improvement!
D. remained concerned about its weak voice in national government.
i might forget.
Gosh, how i really need one..
I’m pretty sure that’s my call as a parent to decide. It’s not like I would sue if my kid fell, it’d be their own fault. That is, unless, she did something to make them fall.
Now they’re marching for choice and publicly supporting the ‘right’ to an abortion
Preview of upcoming features: another hat, another sweater, more hockey, and a very special birthday. Stay tuned. You don’t want to miss a single episode.
There is no plain meat that tastes as good as meat that is cooked on the grill! When you are trying to eat clean and healthy, being able to grill meat is a must! I live in Northwest Indiana and as anyone who knows this area can tell you, we have more winter than summer and the temperature can change by 20 degrees in one day! This makes using an outdoor grill difficult to do year round. This is what makes me so thankful for the invention of the indoor grill!
It reads like an experimental novel.
Using a Wacom tablet, I carefully "cut out" the car from it's background. Placed the car on the beach added texture, a layer mask, color burn blending mode, drop shadow and voila - Truly goes for a swim! (Actually, the swim is over. Now where did I put that towel...)
I have to admit, I bawled my eyes out on the plane ride back from New York this time around. Alone in the dark at 3AM. For exactly 76 minutes. I thought about my family and cried. I thought about my friends and cried. I thought about all the stoops in Brooklyn and Queens I sat on and cried. I thought about the concert I gave there, the stage banter in English flowing effortlessly from my mouth and an entire room laughing at all of my jokes.
Can you see how your sales would absolutely explode if you were able to do this? The good news is that lots of salespeople are already doing it with great success, and you can too.
This is my Koden-gaes: Giving a token in acknowledgement of an obituary gift.
I pulled those little teeny balls of yum out of their shell and stuck them through my now one finger tip width of a space.
And so, back to our own little haven, a couple of miles down the coast, and a day well spent, treasure found, aching muscles, but a sense of worthwhile achievement.
Reading the author's blog, and this piece on Salon.com, I have to say that I agree with the author's opinion and thoughts on how the reporting was done. At the very least you could say that the entire concept of the book was twisted. In all honesty, I think the author was too nice in calling the various "reporters" lazy, because it was just sheer stupidity.
Whilst not every older worker wants to work in a call centre the study underlines the need for employers to recognise, understand and hopefully act upon some of the diverse range of strengths that older people can contribute in the workplace. Studies such as this also may help older people themselves in strengthening their case for employment.
I thought I wanted down and the sales ladies actually talked me out of that.
I'm going to have the ol' homebrew flowing for a bachelor party next week. I'll have a Kölsch, an Imperial Stout and a Belgian on tap. The party will be for my buddy Alexander. I'm going to be best man at his wedding in April.
And welcome to my world!
the Mehrangarh Fort
08 Like Someone in Love (Burke, Van Heusen) 04:54
and sparks wildly.
Australia has five states and territories; I live in South Australia, noted for great wine making and hosting international arts festivals. That is why Australia calls us the “Festival State.” My family migrated to Australia from England in the 1960s when I was a child, so all of us can claim to be well and truly Aussies by now.
She is so talented! She hand-made many bits and pieces of infant couture and also made a gorgeous baby quilt for Michael to coordinate with his little bedroom. Where would we be without her? Thank you, Maureen!
the doorway for a few minutes watching his figure get smaller as he faded
All in all, ms Maer certainly deserved the warm, standing ovation the public gave her. Unfortunately, there was no time for an “encore”, but a few members of the public had the good fortune to be able to exchange a few words with and personally thank Ines Maer for her performance.
For this sew-along, I invite you to use any men's boxers pattern you wish; they're generally very similar to each other, and I'll be using a few different ones to point out various design elements and methods of construction. We'll even discuss how to draft your own boxers pattern!
1- USB SD Memory Card Reader (Download Images Quicker!)
When you arrive at the coop exclaim loudly,
- The Clash - the whole of the first album and highlights from the rest...up to and including Sandinista.
Hor d'Ouevres
I find this category the toughest to choose every year. This one was very close, but in the end, I called in the super-secret tie-breaking judge (my wife), who coaxed me into choosing a haiku by someone I had to coax into participating. From Lynda R Young:
But for the modern day paladin, putting a soul back inside a vampire, then falling in love with her, and managing to literally piss off the Devil in the process are average days.
Me: "Yeah, but I could do just a little..."
I have to remind them that I had good reasons for putting them on hold, admonish them to be patient, tell them that their time will come, that nagging me or trying to lay a guilt trip on me not only won’t work, it will have the opposite affect. Nag me and you will just have to wait longer. Try to make me feel guilty and I will put you in the closet, out of sight, out of mind. I am the boss of my knitting, as EZ would say, and I will take up each project again when I decide the time is right. A knitter has to be firm. Projects need to know that the knitter is in charge.
Like everything, I'm sure it will get better with time.
It is worth remembering that change cannot be imposed from without. It requires movement within the target organization as well. You want to encourage reform, to encourage the institution to develop a culture of ethics. For example, every organization should have not only a “mission statement,” as in “we want to make a lot of money,” but also a code of acceptable behavior, which states: “but in this effort we will not engage in the following acts …”
He gave me a wonderful gift! The gift of having my worries all spread out in the open, on the table like a breakfast buffet. I could either keep living with them or clean up that table.
Since the border in South Jutland between Germany and Denmark is open and unpatrolled, immigrants simply walk across to Denmark from Germany and keep going. They cross the Øresund Bridge from Copenhagen to Sweden, take up residence in Malmö, and begin drawing their lavish state subsidies.
I found a few things. Some Sunday pants for Jim, a pair of jammie pants for Joe, an Easter dress for Eme, a baby doll dress/shirt for Emeline. Not too much. Mostly, I just had fun looking around and goofing off.
There is an excellent library GPars (Groovy Parallel System) http://gpars.codehaus.org/ that has a few asynchronous processing models that can be used (Fork/Join abstraction, Dataflow concurrency, Actors etc…). With the exception of some groovy scripts, I have used it in every single Groovy project – I cannot recommend it enough!
Spoon mixture into a piping bag and pip it into rounds on a prepare baking sheet (on parchment paper).
The hill in my own way
Although it's been said
Guess what folks? It’s another Saturday! And we all know what that means… Grace! In! Small! Things! *Cue applause*
The researchers compared cancer mortality rates across Europe between 1990 and 1994 and 2000 and 2004. So its all based on an old study that is 4 years out of date and has no hard evidence of a direct link between a quick tipple and cancer.
11. The Rum Diary - It's Midnight
And I have been doing some of that. But I was also offered the chance this last weekend to head to the Fruška gora (a country area outside of Belgrade known as the Frankish Hills, as Rebecca West says, for a reason far too dull to interest anyone). Now, this area is sort of a wide green valley filled with small country houses, Orthodox monasteries, and acre upon acre of fruit trees. Its special in Serbian history for offering a retreat from Turkish dominated territory, and to this day houses the tombs of many Kings. But I'm no Serb historian, I'm in it for the fruit! We're talking cherries of all seasons, pears, figs, grapes, plums, and all manner of sunflowers, lavender and corn. Its not the season for these yet, but Oh my G-D, it is still so insanely gorgeous.
On Sunday we went off to church and then to a kids party. It was great and the kids had lots of fun. The face painter there was extremely talented. What kid doesn't like having a bit of face painting done?!
Goodmorning (it’s 9.27 am here in Sweden). Today we have to go visit my midwife and baby seems very excited about it, he is super active!
I was first accused of cynicism at the age of 11 (true story), so it would ill behove me to be too trusting of our rulers or - come to that - of Uncle Sam's rulers, but some 77% think that the US of A would be better off if they aped public opinion. Note that 8% of Americans think Elvis might be alive, and 20% think Obama is a Muslim. Republicans skew towards a greater belief in the public's good sense (81%) than Democrats (73%). Higher levels of education correlate with lesser faith in public opinion - 28% of post grads think the US would be worse off if it followed public opinion, compared to 14% for those with just high school education.
- Use a tray that enables the placement of a grid on top.
The beneficial practice of positive eugenics in humans – so long as it is not mandatory – is using gene-mapping and genetic information to predict the appearance of any children (gender, eye color, hair color, etc.). Hitler used this to create his Aryan superhuman, but the reason it is objectionable is because it was mandatory and used for political purposes and ethnic cleansing.
In any case, I hope you find these various approaches to character as interesting and useful as I have. Special thanks again to Nicola Morgan for her post.
I want to mean that figuratively. I do, but when there is too much noise around me or when all that surrounds me is silence, I might have to mean that literally. And it scares me.
As for harpsichords, the playing of Andreas Staier has been a revelation. Just listen to the warmth, generosity and nobility of this:
9. It’s Only Money (Ballard) 4:50
Meister Eckhart, the Christian mystic, said that “You may call God love, you may call God goodness; but the best name for God is compassion”.
Three elements of this case distinguish it from its high-profile criminal counterparts. First, the behavior and statements of the students’ own professors were cited as grounds for a change of venue—an action all but unprecedented in modern American criminal law. Second, blogs have played an important (and, I would argue, helpful) role. Third, the 24-hour cable news networks seized upon the case from the start, and have continued commentary more sporadically thereafter.
I decided to go with water colouring....... bit of a stretch for me.........but I was determined to give it a go. So I bought watercolour pencils (they are so lovely I didn't want to use them LOL), and a water-colour sketch pad.
It was getting dark and there was no sign of the rain stopping. He boiled some eggs and made himself a huge mug of coffee.
For the past five days, I've been struggling to think of some words to write about these muffins that would convince you that you need to try them. Here's what I came up with:
Ladders As a Necessity of Every Home
today on my ipod - feels like home to me** (chantal kreviazuk), must have been love (pat mcgee band), you can't always get what you want (the rolling stones), wonderland (angie aparo), all for you (sister hazel), breakin' me (jonny lang), daniel (elton john), gravity (sarah bareilles), at the stars (better than ezra), wasting time (jack johnson), where you lead (carole king)
“If Brazilians could put their joie de vivre into a bottle, it would be bigger than Coca-Cola,” Diane von Furstenberg, the designer, said here Thursday at a luxury conference sponsored by the International Herald Tribune.
I’m enthusiastic about this “project”, only I always lack guts to ask people for their photo. Know street photography, one has to be brave, step up and ask for their photo, (or another kind of street photographer just snaps the photo without their subject realising looking maybe like a creep but those photos are the best, really). I think if I were alone I’d have more courage to ask. Because there’s always that nagging feeling “ask ask ask if you don’t ask they’ll walk away and you will regret it”.
And has not yet look’d on it.
Tools/Materials I have used:
However all drugs have side effects and it takes time to evaluate risks and benefits of new pharmacological agents. In the case of drugs that interfere with brain functions, it will be essential to think long-term, in other words to take into account the primal health research perspective. This is suggested by animal experiments, such as those by Carol Kellogg, who studied the long-term consequences on the offspring of diazepam – a widely used sedative drug acting on the GABA receptors. One of the significant conclusions of her experiments is that exposure to this drug at the end of fetal life induces behavioural effects that do not become apparent in exposed animals until young adult ages.7 There are other significant conclusions of these series of studies suggesting the need to think long-term when manipulating brain receptor during the early phases of development. For example if male rats have been exposed to diazepam before being born, the expected adolescent surge of testosterone does not occur.8
Processor Name: Intel Core i5
'Tis the Spring's largess, which she scatters now
I see him promoting those who believe in him to be above the LAW but under the Grace.
I like to cook tofu pok by turning it inside out and then stuff fillings in it. Steamed tofu is indeed a healthy meal. The ones that you normally eat at restaurants are fried and it actually soaked up a large quantity of oil. But then of course it is tastier if fried.
Annabel by Kathleen Winter (Grove/Atlantic Inc.)
Hope everything is good for you!
The article points out along the way how casting directors Paul Schnee and Kerry Barden found six key actors. After the production was completed and the film edited they hired various people from publicist Laura Kim to producer rep Josh Braun to guide them as they prepared to sell the film. They made a deal with Roadhouse Attractions even before the film was shown at Sundance or picked up its awards.
Dr. Bender’s LSD Experiments on Children
Riding the bus in Detroit will become a bit more convenient starting at the end of April 2012. At Least that is what the Detroit Department of Transportation (DDOT) wants the public to think.
Of life and death, of home and the past and loved, and of those that
1. those of the "land and bush"; and
Blogroll
Saturday, Dec 10, 2011 at the Pita Jungle in Pasadena
So yeah, the older and wiser me does not experiment much anymore. In the rare event that I go to a doctor and he prescribes something new, I won't take it until I'm at home and don't have anything important to do, and even then only under controlled circumstances.
25 May 2011: Minister for Health berates Opposition for accepting political donations and failing to support proposal for plain packaging.
This morning while I was scrolling through my newsfeed on Facebook, I came across an article from hellogiggles.com. I’m a huge fan of their site- the content always brings a smile to my face. And on this beautiful Sunday, with the window open and the fresh scent of the trees outside wafting into my room, I read a piece about loving yourself. I wanted to share the introduction paragraph with you:
you're getting happier at playing alone for longer periods
Me: "Baby, look me over/tell me do you like what you see?
So if your surfing on the pages and something is missing. It will be up again soon.
For the people hear us singing:
I'm loath to call this guy back, if only for the fact that I'm not sure I won't be liberally sprinkling my questions to him with the word "fuck" and "dickhead". However, I don't like sleeping in a puddle of my own drippings. And the other thing is, I've already paid him $700 for his work this summer, which has basically netted me zero, as I'm right back to where I started in May. Plus, I don't really have $300 for the service call.
A river flows curbside
Visit My Memories.com: Look at all the great digital scrapbooking kits! wow, check out those layouts in the gallery!. Come back and tell me which kit or layout was your favorite.
Nemesis ‘10
The case is Mendenhall v. Hanesbrands, 2012 WL 1230743 (M.D.N.C. Apr. 12, 2012), and after surviving the motion for summary judgment the case seems headed for trial in the coming months. We’ll keep you posted on any more interesting rulings—or tweets.
I am stealing this post directly from the HE forums. If you or anyone you know have experienced this problem - which is actually very serious - people are being forced into debt and poverty through no fault of their own, but through the HMRC's failings, please do comment on the thread on the forums.
Together the pair went to crack houses, talked to girls on the street and on a few occasions spotted her daughter and tried to get through to her. One time mom tried chasing her in her car, driving the wrong way down a one-way street.
Even a casual observer knows that your druthers (namely biking around the country and watching lots of movies) isn't feasible. Go to work.
Having talked at such length of violence and struggle, I fear I may leave readers with the impression that this novel is ponderous and depressing—a tough read. In fact, in Sweeter Than All the World, Rudy Wiebe has created a warm, intimate, and very readable portrait of a complex and engaging man, facing a dilemma which is of immediate interest to us all. If the attendant partial survey of humankind’s brutality is unblinking, it is, nevertheless an exhilarating experience to have stared such a beast in the eye, and still come away filled with the sense of hope and comfort that this book imparts.
But that was early Saturday. Just a few hours later they changed their minds and revised the figure down to 139, a report said.
despite it!
when he loves,
Smack then pointed out a few barrels in the corner wrapped in plastic that had been delivered. You guessed it, bourbon barrels. For their Dark Hollow release, they age an Imperial Stout (that uses English Crystal and Chocolate malt) in these charred oak barrels for 100 days to impart that bourbony goodness into the beer. The sample we enjoyed was aged in Jim Beam barrels, but for next year's batch they had Wild Turkey barrels being filled that very day. The Beam barrel-aged bottles were still a new release, having just come out on Friday, so Steve and I grabbed a couple bottles each on the way out.
Nancy then went into an exhaustive dialogue as to whether the mother looked in on Isabel before she went to work.
I know you will enjoy reading these three posts by fellow bloggers Qusay, Nidal M, and Layla, who explain in detail about weddings in Saudi Arabia. Men and women in Saudi Arabia generally have gender segregated weddings, with separate events for men and women. Unfortunately you will never see what the woman's side of the wedding ever looks like. While Saudi women dress to the nines when they attend weddings, cameras are generally not allowed because the women inside are not properly covered. But trust me, the Saudi women go all out with expensive sexy ballgowns, heavy makeup, and glittering shoes and jewelry.
Apparently, we do not have enough money to feed all. Food subsidy will increase budget deficit. We probably might end up luring people not to work with this kind of subsidy. Also, we should target specific deprived groups. We should make it universal and end India’s target group politics. Only 10p of every rupee will reach the poor, so what’s the point? We should check if we have adequate resources. How can we procure enormous quantity of food grain?
I should be imagining about dragon punches some more…or better yet…mummy dancing.
I'm someone you don't know, but through this letter you will begin to know more about me.
medical
Truly a life lesson–it is good to reach high for what you want, but not to overreach.
Bill knew it was dead. How could it be otherwise? Bill's friend Liz worked at Deansgate Waterstone's for I don't know how many years. Yet - so Bill told me yesterday at a playwrights' Christmas gathering (where half of Manc, it seemed, was wearing Santa hats and yelling their heads off in the Duke's down in Castlefield) - when Bill went into Waterstone's recently for books for research, he had to spend one and a half hours looking for them because the staff had no idea where they were, and it was only after that time that they were discovered in the stock room.
To plate, place a good amount of sweet potatoes on the center of the plate. Top with steak and drizzle Espagnole sauce over top. Serve with a side salad of spinach and some fresh bread.
Received a ton of compliments on this outfit at work today. I think it was the classy- conservative at the top that worked it's way down to high leopard print peep toes that gave the extra spark that people seemed to comment on.
that all who look upon it
“You do too,” McKelvey said right back, although his face had softened to a smile. I took the patient’s pulse, and his heart rate had slowed to a crawl.
Motor Company is Alan Mulally, who is Roman Catholic.
I’m in my room; it’s siesta time! I’m, obviously, not sleeping. It’s Saturday. and I slept until 14:00h (2pm), when I woke up I went out to the living and it was time to eat! We had some awesome soup that doesn’t even deserve to be called soup; it’s so much better than that!
There was no way any images of my mash potato and avocado for guacamole were going to do the Smood justice so I thought I'd let the YouTube video do the demonstrating.
When she reveals herself, it's only in those moments when you are authentically open to her charms. She'll surprise you as you drive around a bend in the road: There she is, veils of mist swirling up to her sturdy knees, those classic cliffs plunging down to the ocean and receding down the coast, so beautiful that you just want to cry.
Tuccitto notes that where the 49ers struggle on defending the pass is when the opponent uses four or more wide receivers (accomplished with running backs split wide), but New York uses a four-plus wide receiver set only six percent of the time. That translates to something like a 0RB/4WR/1TE or a 1RB/4WR/0TE. So, watch for how many times the Giants try offensive sets apart from their norms, especially loading the numbers of wideouts in situations which aren’t necessarily in passing situations.
Note: Mantle Cell Lymphoma has CD5 surface markers, and Mantle Cell Lymphoma is elevated in CFS.
It was a music magazine and it became more – a political and cultural rallying-point for alternative points of view of all kinds. Its writers, designers and production staff tapped phones, biked cheques from bank to bank and drove in relays to the Kerry train to catch the printers, after long nights of putting the magazine together fuelled by coffee so thick a Turk could trot on it. They became a family, a haven of mutual support and, like many families, a place too for dysfunction and, for some of them, excess.
I was going to spend the WHOLE WEEK crafting up a storm, trying to catch up with Christmas gifts. Instead I ended up taking my sister to the doctors today and ended up waiting there forever. Came home hungry and exhausted, an empty shell of a person. (Though I did sneak some shopping in there while she was waiting and bought some lovely fabric to make MORE beautiful things with!) More running around tomorrow morning and then back to creating.
*WOMEN ARE WHERE WE GATHER THE EVIDENCE FOR MORTALS BEING FASHIONED TOGETHER IN A FEARFULLY WONDERFUL WAY for they are every bit as beautiful as they are humbling.
Although Avent recommends size 2 teats for 1 month+ onwards, Baby O didn’t start on size 2 til 2 months old. He was quite comfortable with size 1′s flow. Secondly, he is a fast drinker. I read that babies generally needs at least 10 mins of sucking to “feel” full, article here. Switching to a faster teat will mean finishing the milk within 8 mins and he’ll be crying for more even though he has already taken his full intake.
Without thought, my fingers went to my nose and cheek. As if I was expecting something different, I was more than a little surprised to feel skin instead of blood and bone.
So Éirinn go Brách – Ireland Forever – and good cheer & sláinte (health) to you.
Well, if you are familiar with XBox Live Arcade, or whatever PS3 is calling their thingy at the moment (Home, maybe?), you may have come across a game called Pinball FX2. Quite plainly, this is the greatest pinball video game ever. Their tables are dynamic and VERY interactive. The graphics are great. And, most importantly, the physics are spot on. It feels like you are playing pinball. The game is “free”, but then you have to buy table packages (you can try any table for free with a full time-based demo). Tables run somewhere around $3.00 individually and $10.00 for a pre-pack of 4.
Keep on, 2010.
Can you IMAGINE that happening in an office?!
Long pause ... you can tell they are processing this information.
François Girard succeeded in producing the show that should reconcile everyone. The only problem that I believe is worth emphasizing is that the interaction among protagonists is not at the level of modern theatrical standards. There are several patches during the show when it started to look as a rehashed show from in the 80's (especially in the first act). Other than that, I can only talk about the positives.
On Wednesday, October 7, 2009
My first card is a Jubilee celebration card.
In the meantime, Rosdolsky filled his time usefully. He wrote one of the best accounts of Marx’s Capital – “The Making of Marx’s Capital” – utilising Marx’s notes in The Grundrisse. He corrected many of the distortions of Marx’s work, introduced by the Stalinists. For example, he demonstrated, contrary to the claim of Stalinism – but also adopted by many Trotskyists keen to foresee the kind of social crisis needed for a political revolution – that Marx did not have a theory of immiseration for the working class. Out of several hundred references, to wages, in Marx’s work, Rosdolsky said that there was only one that could possibly be interpreted in that way.
3.) Straight stitch or running stitch
I am not a chatty person in the a.m.
Jesus Christ, the anointed One, was manifest to them as their Messiah but they rejected Him. They claimed in Matthew 12:24 that he had the power of the devil.
STUPID SHITTY BETRAYAL BY EYEBROWS
“Everything costs money.”
"Until now, online viewers have been able to watch TV with one substantial perk: fewer ads than if they watched the same show on TV...
-basic editing
Then tell me why is it that nothing much
Well, I don't know what Yahoo answered about this, but I'd have to say a big resounding "NO!"
L:…………
Johnson CC, Annegers JF, Frankowski RF, et al. Childhood nervous system tumors- an evaluation of the association with paternal occupational exposure to hydrocarbons. Am J Epidemiol 1987; 126: 605-613.
My final pieces for Shipherd’s Record need to be in by Saturday, April 1. That was the deadline given by Molly Goaly, head of public relations at Olivet College. I wrote a piece about this year’s Running Night. It originally wrote it for the ECHO—geared to students—and the new version of for Shipherd’s Record—geared towards alumni. I read through the article and edited it. I am also including blurbs from alumni from the 60’s and 70’s about being Greek. Most of the alumni work at the college, but I got a couple who are out in the world. I was looking for alumni who are still involved with their houses, have careers, and who have fond memories of being Greek at Olivet College.
I called this the “pricing game” in another post. It really feels like that to me! Like a really tricky crossword puzzle or something you just have to sit down and figure out.
The One S has tested better than the Note, the Droid 4 and the LG Spectrum in both Browsermark and Quadrant. Quadrant tests everything from the CPU to the memory to the graphics, and while all three of the aforementioned Android phones stayed well below the 3,000 mark, the One S scored an impressive 4,371.
Psycho Mafia – The Fall
We call on Taco Bell to clarify their position on this issue. Consider an a la carte menu option. Allow us to enter the food preparation area and construct the mass ourselves. Remove any number from the name of the product, and call it simply the “layered burrito.”
Alexia is described as a proper Victorian young lady so she would be properly dressed in a late 1870s gown over a bustle. I initally got out my Victorian bodice pattern and started to alter it so it would extend lower on the hips the way you see cuirass bodices after about 1877. However, it became increasing clear that I would not be able to finish an entirely new dress in one week. At this point I decided to make a couple of new items and go with more of a steampunk look using items I already had. I started with a long black brocade skirt that I often wear for dressier steampunk, a short sleeved chiffon shirt that works well with underbust corsets, and what I call the Medusa corset. This is an underbust corset I made to wear for Halloween as part of a medusa costume, it is constructed of garment weight black leather and a shinny copper/green lizard skin-effect plastic that comes in approximately 6 inch wide strips. I have no idea what the original use of the plastic was, but I got it at the bolt end fabric store in my neighborhood in several differnt colors/effects. The new pieces are a draped green overskirt, the addition of green lace on an existing top, and a parasol like the one described in the book.
All proceeds from this year’s festival will be used to host future Asian cultural events and to help build a medical center for the indigenous people in Pleiku, Vietnam through Care2Share.
The man then announced that he would now pay $20 for each one. This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again. But soon the supply diminished even further and they were ever harder to catch, so people started going back to their farms and forgot about monkey catching.
Our Turn
So I took a journey,
Brain loss. Those are basically the only two words that I can think of about the state of myself right now. Well, that and soreness in the back/legs/shoulders from my backpack. Backpacks. Are. Lethal.
I’m not trying to be mean, but I wasn’t joking in the title.
Tampopo (Japan) directed by Juzo Itami
And now back to the reality of my life.....
If you’re looking for a very personal gift to give a significant other, a good friend, or close family member, why not consider a digital photo frame? Not only do they look great sitting on a desk or mantle, but unlike all those other traditional picture frames, people will actually look at these photos! Digital photo frames attract lots of attention, because since they are a seeming changing, moving light source, and they produce bright colors that simply draw people in to look at them.
Western forces shot dead 16 civilians including 9 children in southern Kandahar province on Sunday, Afghan officials said, in a rampage that witnesses said was carried out by American soldiers who were laughing and appeared drunk. One Afghan father who said his children were killed in the shooting spree accused soldiers of later burning the bodies.
- Continue my crafting passions. Targets: 10 scrapbooking layouts, 200 cards and 10 sewing items completed.
Elf Lair Games
By the way, I watched the interview on Guerlain's website and the person who asked Thierry Wasser to make her a new Shalimar wasn't his niece, like other perfume bloggers mentioned, but his goddaughter (that's how it all started). The way he expresses himself is so beautiful. I wished he was my godfather too :(
To which the answer is always, yes.
Hung in the golden Galaxy.
Sooo, yah. That’s where I landed on the whole thing. What about you? What do you think? Drop me a line in the comments and let me know.
Three course a la carte $120
Yet, is it impossible though?
Invest!
--Jack Kerouac (1961)
The million dollar question that everyone always seems to ask is, "How much is the pre-fixe weekend lunch menu?" The answer is simple: $25, and worth every penny. Check it out for yourself, and let me know what ya think! Cheers! -F. Scott
Thats it from me, busy week ahead, Jessica is off to Budapest in the morning. Gotta be up at 3am - eek.
I was with the small main team leading the operation and we had almost everything set up for the operation such as real-time intelligence data from the outside & some of inside of the Montague Mansion using our military/intelligence agency level technology/equipment so we had video & audio in real-time, the police probably were bribed or something to stay out-of-the-way, maybe the neighborhood was cleared out by sending them on a free vacation or something, we had floor plans of the mansion, we could block communication inside & outside of the mansion if we wanted to, we could turn off the electricity for the mansion if we wanted to, we got some recent intelligence from someone who worked in the mansion, we bribed some guards at the mansion to not go to work, et cetera.
Furthering my quixotic "FilmQuest 2012" - a mission to fill the vast, unforgivable gaps in my knowledge of film - is Roman Polanski's 1974 neo-noir classic 'Chinatown'. When I selected my arbitrary roster of 30 films I made it a rule to name no more than one by any given director, meaning that 'Repulsion', 'Cul-de-sac' and 'Rosemary's Baby' will have to wait for a future list. It's fair to say Polanski encapsulates one of those embarrassing cinema blind spots that prompted the list in the first place.
Acknowledge the difficulty for the team members. Listen when they complain and try not to rip their heads off when they buck you. They are volunteers and life has enough change, thank you very much.
“The music industry, we all know,” he told me yesterday, “is evil, evil, evil.”
18 And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.
Sleep – it’s the topic that dominated my blog for a couple of weeks and now? Now we don’t really even think about it. I nurse Matthew to sleep at bedtime and before each nap and then I put him down. Instead of worry about when he’ll wake up again, I move onto other things, fun things, MY things.
That’s the neat thing about traditions: They go with us no matter how far from home we travel.
As long as the wind
Dateline: May 2005
Let's start with ugly~
I plan to figure out my shoulders
Here they go:
1 x set Page Former Templates
“You can run so fast,” said Danni, “But?”
Oh, man. My cousin just lost his job. It's probably my fault because I didn't go to the reunion five years ago. I knew I should have gone! I was going to tell him about that study I read online about the top ten careers for job security. If only he'd had that information, he wouldn't have wasted all of that time getting his stupid degree in Mechanical Engineering. Then he wouldn't be in this situation. Now his kids are going to starve to death and it's all my bad. If only I'd bought a bucket of macaroni salad and dragged my butt to that picnic, his family wouldn't be going through all of this.
4) Offer a reward system for everyone working together. Do small rewards for extra daily chores and a larger reward for when the house sells.
Well it all happened over the weekend.
Gerald Celente: Spain’s Protests To ‘Go Global’! Joe Weisenthal: GREECE – There Are New Emergency Bailout Talks That Could Spell The End Of National Sovereignty! Mobius Says Fresh Financial Crisis Around Corner Amid Volatile Derivatives! HAARP Being Used To Create Floods To Destroy World’s Food Supply! US (Not Gaddafi) Dropped Cluster Bombs on Misratah !
And at the end they gave us a special treat while we gathered all the supplies and colected the data.
To my good fortune, I signed a contract with an independent publisher last year and the novel will be released in a small run some time in the 3rd quarter of this year.
I thought Natalie Portman looked gorgeous. This is my style of dress/jewels etc. It's probably not 'Oscar-y' enough but it's quite old-school. You can picture the 1950's starlets in something like this can't you.
The cups the smoothies were served in were quite large- I actually only had half of mine and saved the rest for later. I will say that I was disappointed to see that they were made out of styrofoam- bad for the environment and harmful to ingest! One other thing I noticed was that a lot of the smoothies involved a lot of juice and sherbet or frozen yogurt- all very high in sugar. A better option would be soy milk, rice milk, or even coconut water. Add some Stevia for sweetness.
We've already picked a winner by random generator and are awaiting confirmation of sale from Books of Wonder. We will announce the winner on Monday of next week.
Who does sisters better than Jane Austen? Elinor and Marianne was even the original title for Sense &
On the other hand, however, we seem to have bought the world’s disconnect between love and sex. We have a sort of prudishness that has always seemed to penetrate Christian thinking. Though we may deny that this is the case, it still appears to be that way among many even today. EROS is treated often as though it is something less than real love. Yes, there are books (Christian books) that deal with sex techniques, but even these seem to give the impression that sex is just a means to an end. Throw in the view of some that sex is mainly (if not exclusively) for procreation and we have made EROS less than it is and to a certain extent incompatible with AGAPE.
the characters are two-dimensional, but that's okay, it's a satire! we don't know enough about the two leads to feel their situation has any real human gravity - but that's okay, it's what makes it cartoonish! cartoons are fun!
Park: Was I good?
We all have bad days, and we all get through them. What helps you feel better and make it through the rough ones?
I found a piece of ribbon to use (must have been from a gift I received) and looped it through the hole I punched in the tag. Then I wrapped it around the rim of the jar and tied a bow. I cried I was so proud.
1. The Thermals - I Let It Go
4-5 oz soft goat cheese, sliced or crumbled
this will prevent staining.
Top: Dorothy Perkins; Skirt: Thakoon Addition; Shoes: Tory Burch; Bag: Chloe; Necklace: House of Harlow; Bracelets: Asos
Now this artist has died but he has passed his skills onto other wood carvers who now do his work.
Let's take a look at retrosheet and see what happened in this game.
Jesus stood on the shore. He didn't help because he couldn't swim. He patiently watched Amos drown. He watched Lazarus save himself. He did not intervene.
The political spinning and twists are fun to follow, but where’s the virtue and the good for Chicagoans here? An increased heart rate and the attendant stress from a show with little balance and no relief is not worth watching.
Have you heard the one about the Christian fundamentalist and the approaching hurricane? Well, if you have, you’ll just have to bite your lip and think about something else like grilled cheese sandwiches or the steps involved in mitosis because it’s the controlling metaphor for this blog post, and I can’t start without telling it. So here we go….
“Whoa! Where’d the cat come from?” Burnett entered, trying not to trip over the little grey kitten that was winding its way around his feet.
My mother told me it was OK, and not to worry about it. And of course I could go camping.
The IPKat also points out that this is an example of how procedure and "hard law" come together to influence the outcome of a case. Without strong discovery, MGM would have been in a far weaker position when it came to proving that Grokster's intention was to induce infringement.
But the method could be more risky than it appears at first glance: what about the first hundred meters of climbing which is, I recall, the distance needed for a parachute to open correctly? To say it shortly, this man has a shorter life expectancy but a hell more intense way of living it as I said in the beginning. When I look at this sort of guy I feel in my deep inside a feeling of a mixture of envy (what a life!) and pity (the continuing proximity of death!). But isn’t this mixture the basement of our human condition: the conscientiousness of the possibility of our own end?
On the other hand it is true that the nature of science makes it rather prosaic. When scientists try to write for a popular readership they often spice up their accounts with quotations from poems, even if the quotes aren’t really all that appropriate. Perhaps some will turn to this collection for a source of such snippets. I know I will!
Saturday, after the strangeness of the weather subsided (my expensive Gap umbrella was twisted so badly by a windgust it would neither open nor close...it looked like a strange vampire bat with a stick up its ass) we went to the Residenz, the main palace of the Bavarian rulers. It was a great palace, huge but somehow manageable, and it had a Schatzkammer (treasure house) that rivaled that of the British Crown Jewels. Holy crap what bling! After that we hit the Hofbrauhaus.
After watching more turtles we found some very patient butterflies (Lorquin’s Admirals) and got more great photos.
If you’ve always been a fearful person, or if there’s just one or two things that leave you anxious, this book is for you!
But a poodle.... Even the breed name is a bit wussy, you have to admit. Poo-dill. When a cattledog marks his territory, it's on three legs, mate, the fourth thrust aggressively in the air, a precious measured-to-the-millimetre squirt on a treetrunk, or a car wheel, or similarly appropriate place.
This Is Just To Say
Our Team name was SD Sole Sisters... get it? San Diego... "Sole" :) we thought we were pretty clever!
The fellow with the red hat had just given what looked like money to the shirtless gentleman, and received something in exchange which he put in his pocket. I can't testify as to what happened, but I have a pretty good idea. There seem to be a lot of transactions on this street corner.
When I used it I found my skin was dryer than if I had just used their Sensitive Facial Cleanser alone.
In essence, this is naked ale. Avant-garde, no-nonsense, authentic, ultra-traditional, retro, post-modern - all of these phrases and none of them sum up what's going on here. But at the core of it all is a sense that the brew is exactly as nature intended beer to be, and it feels under no pressure to bow to the contemporary operating model. Instead, it delivers itself in a manner which evokes the feel of the smokiest of Victorian ale houses, it's unembellished freshness resonates with the sense of having just been gravity-poured by the cheerful but feisty landlady via an oak cask laid atop the overly varnished, ash-smeared bar.
I have no idea how to post the actual picture of the actual picked number from random.org so you'll have to trust me on this.
Klipsch HD 300 Compact 5.1 HD Theatre System
GLITTER: Stickles by Ranger in “Icicle”
Thanks for hanging in there and like I said, stay put. It'll be worth it.
When I browsed for Rivka Galchen articles the other day, I found a few published works that were not in Harper’s or The New Yorker. So, yes, I’m going to write about them here. And since I’m caught up with the end of Gravity’s Rainbow, these short non-fictions were a nice balm.
If you’re a little confused, let me break it down for you:
Today I watched a ten minute video that I saw on my buddy Chad Perry's web-site that truly warmed my heart. It's about a little boy named Caine who built a handmade cardboard arcade that he operates on weekends, out of his Dad's auto parts business in Los Angeles. It's a ten minute video that I wholeheartedly encourage you to watch in its entirety. As my buddy Chad so eloquently put it.. "It will probably be the best 10 minutes of your day".
This approach comes right out of Securimages examples. First we create a div tag to hold our security elements. Within these we place the definition of the image we will present to the user. Within this image will be a series of random letters and numbers (6 is default). The ‘src’ tag has an embedded PHP tag that echos a PHP variable ($path). This is the path to the securimage_show.php file. The path was set in our Controller file (index.php) like this:
The Westminster Standards are also explicit in their statement about the purpose of life, for humanity to glorify God, and that goal is only possible through the redemptive work of Jesus Christ. That is the message to which the whole Bible speaks, the redemption and the unmatched lordship of Jesus Christ, just as he himself taught those broke-down disciples on the road to Emmaus.
Where there is love there is life - said Mahatma Gandhi.
"Think Jensen Ackles or Jared Padelecki, with a really, really, really dark tan - (yes, my hubby knows I've got a thing for the Supernatural hunks!) - well, maybe more gray and black than tan, but you get the idea."
Well what about them?
Article 26
So simple, so quick, so nutritious & so delicious!
The effect of this on even fairly apolitical children like myself was enormous. I remember being told precisely one Irish folk tale during my entire schooling - that of Finn MacCool and the Giantʼs Causeway - and a couple of fairly innocuous folk songs managed to sneak their way into music lessons, but really that was about it. Any attempt beyond that to connect us with the folklore and traditions of Ireland would have been seen, in my home town at least, as tantamount to encouraging us to don balaclavas and bomb innocent people out of house and home.
Doug: This is a great cover, isn't it? If I had been a Hulk fan when I was 11, Ernie Chan would have made me buy this.
and praise the Lord!
Thank you Hewlett. I’m pretty young and I’ve already come up against the glass ceiling being lowered over my head. Or maybe the unending tide of sexism and stereotyping would be another way of putting it. I get tired swimming against the tide. And I don’t have any children, or any plan to ever have children. So it’s not my procreation that’s making my life difficult.
I talked to some brilliant scientists and thinkers, some mainstream Greens, some truly tough-minded scientists. There was James Lovelock, the man whose Gaia hypothesis sees the world as a single, gigantic organism. There was Jesse Ausubel, director of the Program for the Human Environment at Rockefeller University in New York. There was Chris Rapley, director of the Science Museum and former head of the British Antarctic Survey. There was Myles Allen, head of the Climate Dynamics Group at Oxford. There was Sir David King, once chief scientific adviser to the British government. There were many others.
By you
The last time Wyatt had seen Calliope Andrews, he’d still been married to her older sister Cassandra, and Calliope had been—hell, in college? Maybe nineteen or twenty, at most, was his guess. She’d been chubby, her hair a corkscrew of untamed brown curls, and she’d worn really ugly glasses. In short, she’d been a hot mess.
and Francis is the proof of this.
Slice off the crown and soak in mineral water.
St. Thomas Aquinas
Chennai Live’s, compulsory licencing application is available for download over here. Apart from challenging PPL’s right to collect royalties for U.S. sound recordings, the radio station is also requesting the Copyright Board to issue a compulsory licence on the terms of its August, 2010 judgment mandating a mere 2% royalty. If the 2% royalty judgment of the Copyright Board is implemented with retrospective effect, PPL will have to actually refund ‘Chennai Live’ a sum of Rs. 28 lakhs for the excess royalty charged over the last few years.
Both Gleeson and Farrell benefits from the originality of MacDonagh’s script. The dialogue has a matter of fact manner that allows the audience to explore the characters as the film develops. It can be compared to an eccentric Samuel Becketts “Waiting for Godot” or Pulp Fictions “Royale with Cheese” exchange. Despite the obvious contract killing, cocaine/heroine abuse/dealing and prostitution, McDonagh is still able to delve into some serious themes throughout the film.
He deals the cards to find the answer
Beyond that, I’ve just been hanging out. When I should be studying. Like right now.
“About two miles out,” Tanner replied. “Coming from the direction of Omaha.”
The recipe below is for the original loaf cake, but to make cupcakes is simple enough. I must have been distracted while I was making these, because I didn't note the baking time for the cupcakes. However, I think it would be safe to give them 15 minutes before checking on them (since they are so moist) and going from there. This could also be made into a round or square cake quite easily.
The women's 100 hurdles will give Sally McClellan (AUS) the surprise winner in Lausanne a chance to show that she is indeed a contender for the podium in Berlin, as she gets another shot at Dawn Harper (US), Brigitte Foster Hylton (JAM) and Priscilla Lopes Schliep (CAN).
Stay tuned for a tutorial on how to make one, hopefully I'll post it this evening.
Possible: Sound Mixing; Long Shot: Saoirse Ronan (Lead Actress), The Chemical Brothers (Score)
I'm a big fan of continuity myself. I know that nothing stays the same for very long in this life but, lately, change has seemed to become a religion in certain quarters. Often it is change for changes sake - or, as we used to call it, FIDGETING!
5. It’s Only Money (Part 1) (Ballard) 4:06
On Saturday, the wind was from the SE at about 8-11 knots. With the wind direction, the starting line was set such that a boat could not cross the line on starboard, but could cross perpendicular to the line on port tack. We maneuvered toward the boat end of the line and with the time counting down, sailed starboard about halfway down the line and tacked to port, crossing the line well ahead of the other four boats in our class. Dulcinea(J105) and Carmanah(C&C 43) were off to the right of the boat end, and Tantalus(Express 37) and Blackout(Schock30/30 GP) went too far north of the line into lighter winds and could not get back to the line in time for the start.
ps. I was shopping today a little~
80,000 people! WOW! Hyde park wasn’t there…just a sea of people! I found my start group and milled about. Now what is it about the start of a race? No matter how you try hydrate yourself and make appropriate use the toilet…at between 5 and 10 minutes before the race you I always need to wee. 80,000 people and few dozen porta-loos… you do the maths…I held it.
The other night, I had a dream that represents how I feel about all of this. I was driving along a road that followed a small river through a beautiful, green valley, with farmland on either side. After following the road for a while, I lost track of what I was doing and ended up driving in a straight line through a field. I was going faster and faster, and was becoming afraid because I was straying so far from the road and I was afraid I would get hurt. Just as I was about to wonder if I would ever get back onto the road, I saw a stand of tress up ahead that looked like they might have a path leading through the stand back onto the road. I started to relax, and eventually reached the path. As I slowly made my way through the trees, I saw a car seat under a tree. I got out to take a closer look, and found a baby - maybe six months old - in the seat, uncovered, whimpering and shivering, and almost dead. I immediately picked the baby up and held it close, covering it with my coat and rubbing it gently to try to get his heart and blood warmed up. Eventually, other people came to help - the farmer, a doctor, some other drivers - but I simply refused to give the baby up. I was convinced that I was doing the right thing and that the comfort of my arms and unconditional love I was able to provide would heal the baby quickly and thoroughly. In a few more minutes, the baby was doing better, the whimpers turned to coos, and the tears turned to small sniffles. And then I woke up, knowing that the baby turned out to be okay in the end.
I recently had the opportunity to examine a superb vintage Balenciaga day coat at the flagship of Toronto’s Holt Renfrew. Canada’s most prestigious clothing retailer, Holt Renfrew, was founded in 1837 in Quebec, and has held royal warrants, such as furrier to Queen Victoria. In the late 20th century, as furs were seen less frequently, and were viewed as politically problematic, the store became better known for supplying designer and other fine clothing and accessories for men and women. Among the brands carried are Christian Dior (a relationship starting in the late 1940s when Dior himself visited the store and Toronto social scene), Chanel, Gucci, Saint-Laurent, Moschino, Oscar de la Renta, Dolce & Gabbana, Ralph Lauren, Louis Vuitton, and Roger Vivier. In keeping with the times, and the popularity of vintage clothing, they have offered a diminutive, exclusive collection of pieces by vintage dealer Linda Latner of Vintage Couture. The collection consists of a single rack, but is of such quality and so carefully selected, or curated, that it is always a pleasure to view. This is the closest one can physically get to museum quality vintage couture.
She had a few other funny stories like that, but she began to share more about her husband. Since I had the time, I listened. She said they were married for 57 years and that he was her best friend. After he got sick, he asked if he could go home to die beside his wife. He died in her arms. Her husband died a few years after her oldest son died. Hearing these things made me tear up, but Polly just smiled. She is confident that she will see them both again someday and realizes that life is short for all of us.
1 kg semolina (you’ll find it next to the flour in the supermarket)
Jack (6 years 6 months): Dad was having difficulty serving Jack his shish kabob prompting Jack to ask, “Can’t ya just eat it off the stick?” (#240)
Whilst we are fasting, worldly desires are irrelevant and we learn to comprehend, to some extent, with the suffering of others. Whilst we experience the dizziness from lack of water we feel a small proportion of the suffering of the people of Africa who cannot find clean water to drink for long periods of time. Whilst our stomachs are empty we feel a fraction of the plight of those who starve, whilst knowing that when the sun sets we will have an extravagant feast to indulge in. Iftaari for many of us is a time of reflection and whilst we understand that our fast is now over we know for many that their fasts may last for days.
I do not have many dietary restrictions. I am not against eating animals. I like to try weird, or crazy sounding things. And I love vegetarian food. I regularly eat vegetarian meals and lunches. I am no stranger to tofu (in fact, I make it regularly) and paneer is one of my favorite foods. So, I’m not quite sure why I don’t post more of my vegetarian recipes. One of my new year’s resolutions will be to get better at that, especially for all my vegetarian friends out there.
She did not move a muscle.
Yay or Nay: Nay, not enough tools for manuscript writing.
These are the handful that stood out
Jesus was also reestablishing a profound fact – the importance of the family, which is the first institution on earth, the basic unit of society. The first time, God says it is not good was when he saw man without a helper and made him a family, by creating a woman (help mate) out of man. The family in Heaven is God, the Father, Jesus, the Son and His Holy Spirit, the Helper.
Let's throw Kid 10 into a real world scenario and see how he copes. The big, evil warlord alien Zylxxxyx is trying to take over the world. His only weakness is that he has to wear +3.5 strength reading glasses in order to see otherwise he'll implode.
disneyworld
I hope you enjoy this piece I designed trying to capture everything I had in mind.
With QPR and Wigan facing each other they cannot both win. Bolton have a tough game at home to Liverpool, and Blackburn are away to Everton. A Wolves win could edge them further away from the lower echelons of the table. It’s a massive opportunity for them.
THIS cuts to the core of a woman being able to decide FOR HERSELF, when she wants children, and how many and to keep the CONTROL for such issues, and her SEXUALITY IN HER OWN HANDS.
There’s an interesting listing for ISKCON in the Exposition catalog, which describes the Hare Krsnas as being “one of the best publicized psychedelic groups”.
Burr cup (to file end of ear wires smooth)
But Paul Dacre (while potty) is straight. He knew what some of his lot were up to at the Daily Mail four or five years ago, and ordered them to stop. Most of them migrated to other newspapers with lower standards, and continued to ply their foul trade. Dacre was glad to see the back of them. Other mad people who welcomed them with open arms must be wishing they hadn’t.
Like NASCAR.
“Let me think biblically first…dating’s not ever mentioned in the Bible. Guess arranged marriages too care of that. But the advice of Prov 4:23 still applies: above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. I remember that hitting me squarely between the eyes with reference to a friend who was “just a friend” and I KNEW it could never be more…but I still had to make some hard choices to not let my heart get hurt (again!). And some of those choices meant choosing to call/spend time with women friends rather than guys, even though, like you, I was often more comfortable with guys and tended to have them as friends. So anyway, guard your heart.
Booking events
I've loved many pets in my life, but I've never had a bond like I did with Weenie Man. Every room, every piece of furniture holds a memory of the two (or three) of us. Whether it was him sitting next to me on the arm of the sofa while we watched TV, sitting in the dining room chair with us while we ate dinner, patiently waiting for a table scrap, or hopping up on the ledge of the bathtub and drinking my bathwater, he made his mark on every inch of this house.
In terms of graphics, the game looks good, but won’t knock your socks off. The lighting is well done and the texture has an interesting look to it. The game has the setting nailed down, and seeing the rolling green hills and trees in the second demo was really cool. I just wish I could run around more instead of being tied down to a boss battle. The HUD is a bit clunky as there’s stuff everywhere on the screen and the text is a bit small for my liking. Thankfully, the game lets you customize the HUD in addition to the camera and those mini cutscenes so these issues won’t be a problem in the retail game.
Geneva in Switzerland is worth a visit as many international groups such the United Nations and International Red Cross are located in Geneva. Many tourists head to this skiing destination in winter, when the Swiss Alps are covered with mantles of white snow. You can enjoy living in the ski resorts and skiing on the famous Alps.
Blog about this giveaway and leave a comment for another chance to win.
Alec added to his earlier comment, “I don’t ever pay attention to that team drama shit, and I picked up on the fact that she liked you. It was so obvious it was irritating.”
Deep Relaxation
- Isaiah
For my service learning project I chose to go to the SAGE garden. It is a community garden south of Corvallis. They grow a variety of vegetables and they are strictly organic and they use no chemical fertilizers. They donate these vegetables to the local food banks so low-income people can benefit from their fresh organic vegetables. They are very concerned about food security and the source of fruits and vegetables that we consume everyday. They offer gardening classes and internships. Also, they welcome volunteers.
While my inbox is flooded with images every day, it never bothers me as a picture takes so little time to look at. The only problem is that most of the images rarely stand out or move me. Yesterday, however, this Helen Levitt popped up advertising a new show at the Kahmann Gallery in Amsterdam and it just struck a chord with me.
Savage Cabbage
She waved him away with a tired smile. She was in full-martyr mode now.
Maureen Limpan
3) Aurora Blue
- Fresh mini seedless watermelon $2.96 each (Mexico or Guatemala)
I’ll be putting other coupon codes and offers out on my twitter and facebook pages over the next few weeks, so if you’re not following those please do! (One coupon code per order please!)
the hiring party's right to control the manner and means by which the product is accomplished ... the skill required; the source of the instrumentalities and tools; the location of the work; the duration of the relationship between the parties; whether the hiring party has the right to assign additional projects to the hired party; the extent of the hired party's discretion over when and how long to work; the method of payment; the hired party's role in hiring and paying assistants; whether the work is part of the regular business of the hiring party; whether the hiring party is in business; the provision of employee benefits; and the tax treatment of the hired party. Community for Creative Non-Violence v. Reid, 490 U.S. at 751-52.
The Indian Rupee opened strong tracking broad-based Dollar weakness. However, its rise was capped owing to the intraday fall in the Euro. Lacklustre performance by the domestic stock market also weighed on the domestic currency. USD/INR pair closed at 44.49 compared to 44.52 yesterday.
The decor is a bit tired and shabby looking which is a shame considering the last refit was as recent as 2008! The posters and programs from various operas and plays over the years add a bit of interest though.
His grace is for every, single one of us.
At the continuation of the trial yesterday, Sunday Idowu, an Inspector of Police who investigated the allegations with the EFCC testified that Plots 1201 Asokoro District and 3352 Maitiama, initially allocated to the Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN), and Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST) were revoked by El-Rufai and re-allocated to his two wives Hadiza Isma El Rufai and Asiya El-Rufai.
*kids arrive, shoes away properly
STEAK SCARGOT – 18.00
who is prophesied to save her kingdom. But when a Darborian knight comes upon Jeniah with her chayim, he sees only a vicious monster about to devour a maiden, and he slays the beast.
You should have seen me in opposition to Labour.
I knew Freaks by reputation only. Cheap VHS copies had been floating around the comic book convention circuit for as long ass I had been frequenting them, but I never saw anything more than box cover art. We are talking about a time period in which I was in late elementary to junior high age, a period in which I was particularly sensitive about my disabilities and the reaction of other people to them. I was not emotionally ready fo see this sort of thing.
A year later the areas affected by the storm have made a remarkable recovery. The emotional and physical scars are still there, but they fade and pale in comparison to the spirit of the region.
Maine Title
hands started to
Oh, hellz yes, we are headed out for a SPANKIN good time, thanks to a free credit card miles ticket and a golden opportunity to head out to Ms. Noxious's 40th birthday celebration.
That compromise the
Back now in wintry Perth and as always it was wonderful to be away and just as good to return home.
It is just another network with you can customise and share pictures (connected with Facebook or Twitter, of couse). But where you don’t use filters to change the pic appearance, here you can make Collages!! Like when you were at school!!
Philip was conducting what we might today call a revival meeting. God was blessing the meeting, and many were being healed and delivered from demonic influence. Here is the scene:
Ok, so my thoughts on the movie:
Sadly (well, for me anyhow) Gray considers Libertarianism to be a utopian creed and I see where he is coming from. As a strand of enlightenment Liberalism, Libertarianism can be conceived of as either radical or progressive - or both - depending on your viewpoint.
As in cooking, living requires that you taste, taste, taste as you go along--you can't wait until the dish of life is done. In my career, I always looked ahead to the place I wanted to go, the next rung on the ladder. It reminds me of "The Station" by Robert Hastings, a parable read at our wedding. The message is that while on a journey, we are sure the answer lies at the destination. But in reality, there is no station, no "place to arrive once and for all. The joy of life is in the trip, and the station is a dream that constantly outdistances us."
In Frey and Liese have known each other for a long time. He is faithful, supportive and tolerant (which I know might be annoying to some). He knows Liese like the back of his hand, and so does Liese. Frey has managed to hid his love for Liese for years, believing she was happy with her boyfriend, and later on husband. And the only time he reveals his love is when she is no longer attached to anyone. As his best friend and someone he cares deeply for, all he wants to do is heal her of whatever hurting she is going through. Once the best friend (beta) gets his girl and they decide to take their friendship to the lovers level, everything changes, and marks the beginning of a challenging relationship.
Praising the young people who attended the AIM conference, Nov. 22-26, she urged Indian youths to learn their traditions, ceremonies and songs. “Learn your language, that is how you are going to learn to be strong.”
The tanning stage was completed in New Jersey, by a man who had never skinned an animal himself. She described the relief of off-loading the reeking skins that she had kept in her bathroom, after they developed an ‘odor somewhere between a butcher block, a leather shop, and a bowl of Cheetos’.
I think people with no problems think that we are so dramatic. I mean, I have a choice to make, I am going to make my life completely different, I am growing up. I know what I'm getting into, making decisions, taking care of myself. It's time to go out there and live. It is a tough decision. Whatever I do I'm going to lose something or someone. We can't win all the time, can we?
Published by Amazon Encore
Freaking out and tired from white-knuckling it the whole way, I hop out of my seat and hear a crackle against the ground. Unbeknownst to me, my 3 month old 4G Samsung $$$ Epic, lay on the streets of downtown Cleveland, screen cracked but still functioning. Had to make a trip to Best Buy the next day to get a case and screen protector so I wouldn't keep scratching my fingers up when I used it.
Artists for Humanity. This grassroots program in Boston helps kids get off the streets and into professional graphic design careers. Check it out, these guys rock (and they love copics!)
I brought up the issue of my fear of ‘becomming my abuse’. the fear that because all i’ve know in relationships, both family relationships and romantic relationships is physical and emotional abuse.
Maybe If I try harder,
Loving Greetings, Leschek
Here’s a brief summary of Staimler’s six use cases plus the advantages and disadvantages of each (see the full 2-part article for more in-depth information, registration needed):
Maguey Crema de Mezcal, made with St Germain, fresh lemon juice and
'Come on, you have to hurry up. It's only there for six minutes.'
Add flour and salt; mix to combine. Stir in Snickers bars and pour into a parchment paper-lined 8x8 inch pan.
There are a lot of Marys in the Bible. So far there are: the virgin Mary, Jesus’ mother; Mary the sister of Martha; Mary the mother of the Apostle James (although there are two apostles named James and I don’t know which one is her son); and Mary Magdalene, who Jesus healed of demons, and who (along with the Virgin Mary) was one of the first to discover that Jesus’ tomb was empty after his resurrection. The Mary mentioned here is the sister of Martha.
5) O Women, Where Art Thou? Certainly, something like a feminist intersectional analysis is rarely performed in the boardrooms and cafes of the Los Angeles film industry.
When some Greeks (or Greek-speaking Jews) wished to speak with Jesus, they began by approaching Philip (John 12:20-22).
Perhaps only the late Tony Wilson knows why Factory asked the band, already at Strawberry Studios, Stockport in March 1980 to re-record Love Will Tear Us Apart, to also record a new version of their already-a-classic She's Lost Control. The story goes that it was intended to launch the band in the US dance clubs, and while we'll never know if it would have worked due to intervening events, it did give the world a new, fresh interpretation of the track. And the story also goes that Martin Hannett used this track to audition some new production techniques he'd been working on.
Me: Because there is a rummage sale next door
Bergmann created a sculpture mimicking the exact style of these busts, but used a poignantly different subject — a slave by the name of Sally Maria Diggs. Diggs (also known as “Pinky”) was the subject of a mock slave auction performed by the famous abolitionist Henry Ward Beecher in 1860 at Plymouth Church in Brooklyn Heights.
A 20 year-old young woman told me how she and her cousin go on. “We were so drunk,” she said beaming, “we were “so drunk we couldn’t stand.” They could not remember how they got home. I asked if they like getting drunk. “It’s social” one replied; the other ”It’s good fun.” “It is acceptable now like sex and dress.”
vs
Yes, Jesus, I want to be on your right or your left side, (Yes) Not for any selfish reason.
Now Amy must race to unlock Godspeed’s hidden secrets. But out of her list of murder suspects, there’s only one who matters: Elder, the future leader of the ship and the love she could never have seen coming.
F: So if you don’t mind me asking, how old are you?
4. Cover me - Björk & Me
If Freeloader Classic is connected to a device that has a near full battery (if for example you were testing Freeloader Classic from new), Freeloader Classic would, potentially, not deliver power because if the battery in the device has more or equal power than the Freeloader Classic, Freeloader Classic will not be able to deliver power. Wait until the device to be charged is 50% to 60% full
I decided to pair the chicken and potatoes with asparagus, since they’re in season, and I LOVE them. I just steamed them in my Ziploc Zip n’ Steam bags for 4 minutes (I like them al dente) and then tossed 1 tsp of olive oil, a bit of garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Hello and good morning, thank you for all your entries for our last challenge and again we have some amazing talented people out there!!
Killing: Trayvon Martin (left) was shot dead by George Zimmerman (right) one month ago today in a gated community in Sanford, Florida
shrunken sheet music or music notes
Until next time..............Hugs,
Separate segments introduce each character: There is Ok-nam, a married, 30-something woman with a daughter, who decides to buy a piano for her child by prostituting herself and ends up with an old geezer who just so has to die on her when they have sex; then there is Hye-na, a 17-year old high school student, who has been raped and gives birth in a public toilet, all alone, writhing in pain and eventually flushing the fetus down the toilet; and, finally, Ju-jin, a beautiful opera singer with an angelic voice, who has recently been diagnosed with cancer that can only be cured through the removal of her tongue – a death sentence for her in every aspect.
However, after a lot of thought (and procrastination) I've decided it's definitely time for me to ramble on to new adventures. I'm officially journeying away from the Gypsea Tree, but the blog will remain here for now. Who knows? Maybe one of these days I will stop back here again...
Vanilla Glaze: Mix 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, 2 tablespoons water and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla in medium bowl until smooth. If necessary, stir in 1 to 3 additional teaspoons water until glaze is of desired consistency. Drizzle over cooled cake. Let stand until glaze is set.
However, and as always, there is also the downside of an impressive and beautiful city. The poverty living next to the absolute richness has never been so clear and shocking to me. Maybe this is something you tend to recognise when you're getting older but I was often experiencing a really bitter smack while I was about to take some drinks with my parents at the roofbar of the city's most famous hotel (or alternatively having some super nice dinner at beautiful places) after passing several homeless people who waited near to the flat. And let me tell you that I'm not talking about three.. no, possibly ten or even more. The guilt that you feel is not pleasant at all and it all of a sudden hits you with the facts of reality. Where there is unbelievable richness and beauty, there will always be the opposite to it. Unfortunately, I was not able to visit another city (Saint Petersburg is something I'm absolutely wanting to see one day) but for the first, Moscow was rich enough in all its facets and differences.
David is singing a song of praise to God. As we have read through his life, I have seen so many ways that God was at work in bringing David through trials and tribulations. Now David rejoices looking back on how God worked in his life. He was delivered from his enemies, taken out of many waters. God had done amazing things in David’s life.
(I didn't bother looking at the price because it was a size 10 and I'm just a size 8).
Again, like Shaq, this grizzled veteran is not going to able to carry a big load on his own. However, combine their forces and they might be able to create a formidable force up front.
The real answer is the Canadian video game awards not only lived up to expectations but exceeded them. But wait why did the show disappoint some viewers? Simple those who only viewed the televised version missed out on over an hour of the actual award show. Sadly it appears the viewers simply missed out.
To the quarreling Atheists and Christians in Loudoun County, I’d like to say: One of you should lighten up on your regulations, but the other should get in the chair, just the same.
I hope to see you join us in the EHA Challenge this next 2 weeks! You can use ANY Elisabeth Bell stamp or image! The winner receives their choice of 2 EHA Stamps!!! You can read all about it here. Blessings!
Metabolic Resistance Training
This part is not going to be easy. You are going to have to settle down and be completely honest with yourself. Why is hard but often the driving factor in keeping your goal alive in times that are not easy. There is no simple trick to this except for letting your walls come down on an emotional level. Some people may do better if there is someone they trust asking them why. Finding the root reason is often an eye open and maybe something you never thought of. For example I once worked with a 65 yr old lady who told me she wanted to get fit, and, her only reasoning at first was because she was getting older and wanted her clothes to fit better. I thought ” OK, Honorable…she has a grasp of why”. As we kept talking she kept referencing that she always watches her grandchildren and is drained just from following them around in the park and when they play a game. When I made the suggestion she wanted to be fit for not just herself but for her grand kids she smiled and I could tell without her even saying the words that being an active part of their lives was of grave importance to her. She later confirmed it and we proceeded.
There is no consensus on a solution. The government has tried unsuccessfully to achieve one, involving the main interest groups. More bad news in the coming months may concentrate minds or at least provoke an informed debate. The traditional safety valve of emigration seems not an option and the whole means and pace of recovery, when our comparative advantages have gone, is problematic. There is brave talk that, when the world economy begins an upturn, Ireland will be well poised and equipped to avail of it. Hopefully this will prove the case, but it is likely to be an Ireland much changed from the giddy heights of the recent past.
In sum, culture is created or re-create and engineered willy-nilly by
Carolyn, an independent consultant with Thirty-One gifts, continues this month as a supportive sponsor as well! Please give her a huge thank you for the partnership!
8. Once in a night
I hope you guys liked this post and I like sharing things like this with you all :)
Alma
Tears streamed down my face. "Yes."
The thing about turtles is they don’t move too fast, but they go pretty far.
Strength training can also help lower the risk of osteoporosis, heart disease, diabetes, sleep apnea, arthritis, and several other degenerative conditions.
The Palacio da Cidade in Rio: Complete with beautiful palm trees, marble stairs, and lots of conference delegates behind those pearly white walls.
It's been quite a week!
So when the Pulp Cover painter thinks about picking which moment to illustrate, he seems to be asking himself, "what's the most exciting moment in the whole book I can pick to show on the cover?" I imagine this is what sells books; those books are all about action so a potential buyer probably looks at all the covers and picks the one that looks like it has the most exciting story inside. So I think of this way of working as the "Pulp Cover" or "Comic Book" approach to picking the moment you use as the basis for your illustration, and it seems to be all about getting as much action as you can into one image and putting the viewer right in the middle of the violence.
There is a lot of talk these days about the legacy we will leave our children and our grandchildren. When I stare into the immediate future, I see a frightening legacy caked in darkness and famine. Instead of intelligently preparing; we find ourselves whittling away this precious time chasing fraudulent theories. We have a decade to prepare, but have a misguided sense of direction and urgency. In ten years from now when the next solar cycle begins; if the sun goes quiet, who will comfort the starving children who cry out in the middle of the night for a small piece of bread?
Coming July 10, 2012
i love my family. the loud. the crazy. the more crazy. this weekend, however, they were out of town and it was absolute bliss.
Oh yeah...this soap is just regular cold process whereas the ones in the oven are CPOP.
Lightfoot’s tired of loafing around as the assistant manager of an Ohio bakery. So when her Aunt Lucy and Uncle Ben open a bakery in Savannah’s quaint downtown district and ask Katie to join them, she enthusiastically agrees.
My favorite plaid treasure is this vintage Pendleton Coat my daughter found....too bad it didn't fit her....NOT!
The logic of such priests is that since Jesus never spoke out against homosexuals, their shameless immorality must be accepted in our “modern day culture and society”. The logical conclusions of such theology, is that a God who spoke out against these kind of sexual acts, was an evil “god” who have been replaced by “Jesus”.
The defendant is not a lawyer, and she requests that the court consider her legal argument, within the context of the following four quotes:
- After a year of trying to disconnect from the universe at large, this whole "no laptop" thing is beginning to seriously grate on my nerves. So much so, in fact, that as I was walking to the bus last night, I very nearly walked into Best Buy and handed the computer nerd my Visa with instructions to give me anything under $500 with MS Office pre-installed. I know I should have just bitten the bullet already, but what with my well-earned reputation as a miser, I wanted to wait awhile to see how badly I thought I actually needed a laptop before shelling out the dough for a new one -- especially when I technically have a working desktop at home (though I'm pretty sure it dates back to the Paleolithic Era). As it turns out, I DO actually need one, for my sanity if nothing else. And so, the search for a new laptop begins.
While the application process is quite vigorous, innovative companies have found it worth the effort: depending on the state and country, tax credits can range from 6% to 50% of qualified R&D expenditures. To be eligible, an activity must:
Also this week, of special interest for parents considering French Immersion, are French Immersion Info Evenings: on Wednesday at Pine Grove, and on Thursday at Forest Trail and “Palermo at Lorne Skuce”. For more information see French Immersion Info Evenings – Dec 2009 and Jan 2010, below. Parents interested in French Immersion can find a wealth of information on the HDSB website or on the Canadian Parents for French (CPF) website – click the “French (FSL)” tab above for links.
- Mango cheesecake on a brownie base
Currently, more than 100,000 Western troops occupy Afghanistan, about 70 percent of them American.
I don't need to pursue anxiety, it follows me around like a starving dog. So, I'm lucky, I have plenty of material for my art. I just need to stroke it, and maybe give it a sausage, and then get to work.
Years ago as a gift to my mother I had framed some needlework that her mother and grandmother had stitched. These are precious momentos from generations past and to protect the work I had the framer cover the needlework with glass. No one walks up to the needlework pictures and exclaims about the glass in the frame, they are focusing on the picture underneath. To me, that's the idea behind this verse and Kris' challenge . . . we are to become more and more transparent ourselves so that the Word of God and the love of God is what people see. If we accept Jesus as our Lord in an intellectual sense I don't think it ever is deep enough to achieve this transparency, it has to be the movement of our hearts. When we truly have it in our hearts then it becomes what we live and breathe every day, it becomes our daily walk, and that's when the transparency can begin, when people in the world around you can see Christ in and through you.
“We want all illegal immigrants out, we want to take their stench out of this place,” said Frangiscos Porihis, an election candidate for the ultra-nationalist and highly secretive party.
Paruresis has physical causes, but ultimately root of paruresis is mental. On top of the fact that paruresis is a mental problem, it is exacerbated by negative emotions as well. Paruresis itself tends to be magnified by emotional issues, the very issues that drive some paruretics into such a severe state of the condition, that they often become functional agoraphobics who completely isolate themselves from society and human contact in general. But when a paruretic accepts the condition for what it is: a mental disorder that causes physical issues and is made worse with negative emotion, they can begin to really make progress. It is my firm belief that the most vital step to truly overcoming not just paruresis but secondary paruresis (the emotional impact that paruresis has) is by being able to have a more positive outlook on not just their condition, but life in general.
Despite the obvious comparisons ranging from the Running Man to Battle Royale, The Hunger Games is largely original in its execution. What must be congratulated is the films obvious criticism of reality t.v. that is so relevant today, along with a veiled criticism of the gratuitous media coverage of modern war. If anyone believes that this film is too bloodthirsty or horrific then they need only look at their own television tastes and turn away from the public humiliations of individuals on the X Factor and Britain’s Got Talent and that is the point and beauty of The Hunger Games, where does reality T.V. end? 8/10
I thought it would be fun to put together a style board of essentials to bring on a Parisian honeymoon ...
What about you? Are you looking forward to the change in seasons? Or are you hanging onto that last thread of summer? So time to share, my lovelies. Whats your favourite season and why?
yet he continues his levitation with a poetic power.
880 **D-V/20/1984. “The Uses of ‘Nature’ in Martin Luther’s Christian Liberty.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 318-42.)
Anyway, I am certain that the majority of my plans will fail. But I'm solid. I'll keep trying. And maybe Tina Fey will decide to go into zoology or professional spelunking, or something else with a lower public profile. Weirder things have happened, right?
“Sad memories.”
Kevin Kimbrough, CLU, is a principal at Saybrus Partners, where he manages Saybrus’ sales training and advanced planning teams, business development functions and external sales force
The owners of the Driskill started selling off all the historical old furniture and fittings, but they left the Presidential Suite untouched. They couldn’t bring themselves to sell Lyndon Johnson’s bed.
One thing I enjoy is my French breakfast--a fresh baguette with butter and jam. Yes, I buy a baguette every day for dinner, but I during the week I never get to enjoy fresh bread at breakfast. So on the weekend, it's a treat to make a bakery run in the early morning, and come home to enjoy a fresh baguette with butter and jam.
grate each piece
It's an interesting idea -- but already, even in season 1, I'm wishing they'd take it further -- and be a little more subtle about it. I don't think that the writers here are going to leave me high and dry the way the writers of Supernatural continually do: "Oh, here's an interesting---oh, shit! oh, shit! something controversial! Padalecki's acting skills can't cope! Retreat! Retreat!" (All said in a kind of quasi-Dalek voice, of course.) At least Dead is willing to talk about things like is suicide an acceptable alternative in this world? Okay, granted that it is, what about someone unconscious in a life or death situation (non-zombie related)? Okay, that's a bit blurrier so lets make it fun: what if it's a kid? What if someone does something really bad to get medical supplies so the kid can make it?
Nora Marlowe’s final role was as Mrs.Flossie Brimmer on “The Waltons” (1972-77). She was Sara Andrews on “The Governor And J.J” (1969-70).
Thankfully that’s about all we need to learn at the moment. Now it is time to actually do something. You are going to need three things:
In actual fact I don’t know what I am doing, whetting my appetite in this way with a ‘which chocolate out of the box’ approach to film choice. The reality of the situation is that when the ticket office opens at 9am next Thursday there will be an online scrum worthy of a sell out pop concert, resulting in roughly a three minute space when it is possible to book tickets, so it will be less a question of choosing which film and more hitting the purchase button at random – knowing my luck I’ll end up with “The Inbetweeners Movie’ billed as the adventures of “a group of 18 year old boys in search of their first sexual experience”. Call me a boring middle aged woman but I’d rather remove purple dye from the newly painted white kitchen door - on which happy note …….
* Northwestern University - Illinois (USA)
I’m watching my brother swagger through our New York City apartment…smiling. Rhys, the detached, surly man who turned brooding into an art form. But he’s not brooding now. No, he’s practically threatening to pistol whip me for shaking hands with the beautiful, half-dressed creature named Jane who just tried to sneak out of his bedroom. Weird. Brother Grim has a sex drive?
A Cesarean birth hasn't been on my radar, so to hear that got my heart racing.
DO: Have a clear desk policy, even if it is not enforced in your company. We do handle confidential documents, so do make sure you lock everything away when you leave your desk for long periods of time.
Wikipedia says of The Maytals -
WWS is cruising along and my small class is on week #17.
Scottish athletes such as the cyclist Sir Chris Hoy are senior members of Team GB at London 2012 and are expected to lead the charge for gold medals. Sir Chris Hoy has described himself as ‘a Scottish athlete in a British team’ and Glasgow will even host eight Olympic football matches at the city’s Hampden Park stadium.
He calls for "zone one". Wait 5 minutes. No one moves.
Today I'm being taken on a tour of the area, and tomorrow I go home. Be prepared for lots of pictures of Buxtehude, bulls, and extremely pink suitcases!
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED!!!
My obstinate compassion is schist and basalt and granite,
As for Obama being a font of joke material, I just don’t see it. The reason I don’t see it is not because because of some tribal sense of protectiveness, but because I simply find him boring. On the rare occasion I do hear a joke about Obama, it’s usually a riff on his perceived coolness. I guess a lot of liberals don’t find his lukewarm progressiveness or iffy record on civil liberties that funny.
Borne swiftly on steams rushing wings,
In the long history of social movements, geography has proven a differentiating factor within scenes and communities. Chang demonstrates this most clearly in the division between the East coast black nationalist message of Public Enemy and that of nihilistic overdose heard in the gangsta rap pioneered by Compton’s NWA and others. Though the gang scene in New York had died down and enough black affluence accumulated such that suburbanites like Chuck D could craft It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back, in Los Angeles gangs had long permeated the “electro rap scene.” (see the work of Felicia Viator for more) NWA’s “poems celebrated pushers, played bitches, killed enemies and assassinated police. Fuck delayed gratification, they said, take it all now,” notes Chang (319). While Chang’s example provides a useful point of reference for the effects of geography, it also encapsulates some of the very misogyny that late 1980s and early 1990s rap perpetuated. Even Public Enemy pushed a very masculine vision of black nationalism, while NWA, Easy E, Dre, Ice T and Ice Cube trafficked in misogyny. They may have also been vitally important as protests against police brutality and the reality of urban life under the cascade of 1980s free market municipal governments, but they also marginalized women, the very trend Riot Grrrl hoped to reverse.
(Doesn't have the same ring, does it?)
- salt and peppper to taste
So, you ever feel like a chicken with your head cut off? I do all the time! And our newest edition Jojo started crawling last month and now she got teeth too! She trying to walk now! This girl is never slowing down and I can't get over how fast she is growing up! This up coming month I get another teenager! My oldest daughter is turning 13 on the 12th! Boy do I feel old! That will give me 3 teenagers! Yes, 3 teenagers! Where does the time fly?
He passed in front of the door again, feeling the Sherim start to tighten around him. If he looked down, he knew, his feet would already be a few inches above the grass. Of course, if he looked down his own internal logic would reassert itself and he’d fall back to the ground. Dora used to find all sorts of ways to trick him into looking down when she was training him. She had no right treating him like a child when she was so childish herself.
Who sadly passed away this week at the age of 66. Davy was my 1st ever teenage crush and I remember putting up posters of him (Tiger Beat Magazine was my favorite)in my bedroom, dreaming of having him and the Monkees sign my autograph book, which I didn't own and maybe one day even becoming Mrs. Davy Jones. May he Rest In Peace. You will be missed. (Music will remain until next week).
I turned on a classic rock station, and to my delight they were playing softer tunes than usual. We both loved that real old school rock and roll, but now the moment required something a little more delicate, something soothing.
It took mere seconds for me to realize that my relief was only partially warranted. Mike Daisey exaggerated many of the details in his story, and This American Life should not have run it without thorough fact checking. But the inhumane working conditions that Daisey described have been verified by the New York Times, the BBC, CNN, and the Guardian. I’ve seen the photos of the employee dorms and the suicide nets. It’s real, and I’m still a part of it.
Me: Hubby, let’s sell our China.
Daniel got to his feet and started towards the older man. “It’s easy, doctor.”
Q. Can you tell us briefly about yourself?
I was there in 1986, on my previous trip to North Korea. It is clearly a bunker with a giant building on top of it, containing all the gifts showered on the late Great Leader Kim Il-sung by other world leaders who were/are all, of course, in awe of his charismatic omniscience.
Add a photo and add some effects on it using the in-app Instagram like features. Downside, there aren’t that many free filters, you can buy a few others, but the choice on both is quite limited, but this is uber-cool all the same. Negative point (if it matters to you): you can only pick a photo from the camera roll album, not from other albums on your phone. I like things in folders so my camera roll is usually quite dire about the time I think I want to share it on Path! I think they need to add a few more filters, Instagrammy kind of frame options and seeing as they are doing so great anyway, I reckon they need to add an option to add our own watermark!
and while it was extremely difficult to go through, i knew in my heart of hearts it was a decision i needed to make for myself. and after voicing it, i immediately felt better. looking back, i know and trust that i am in a better state of being because of it.
Anza Club (3 West 8th Ave & Ontario)
Hence
What is happiness?
And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath;
A few years ago my husband and I were spending Christmas in Athens while I researched my tenth Roman Mystery, The Fugitive from Corinth. One evening, after a delicious meal of meze and chicken, the waiter brought us a complimentary digestif. The clear liqueur was served in a tiny shot glass. At first I thought it was an Italian drink called grappa. But as soon as I tasted it I knew it was flavoured with mastic! Mastic is a resin which only grows on the Greek island of Chios. The waiter said I was the first tourist to guess what it was.
But you can find some pretty cool ones in the most unlikely places. Like a little town in the middle of Colorado.
We at Book Sake are big believers in reading. Did that come as a surprise? I doubt it. As a mom I've always held to the idea that my son needs to keep reading even when he's not in school, that means all summer long he's reading even more than he does during the school year. Why? Because kids lose some of what they learned during the school year if they take time off from practicing those things. (Well adults do this also.) My son has come home from school before thanking me for having him read as much as he does, now in the 9th grade - he is realizing that this is something that has put him ahead of his classmates. He has a bigger vocabulary and has an easier time with many of his classes and we both believe it's due to his reading skills.
They also gave developers a Dev phone which they can use to develop apps for the new OS . Please note that this is only a prototype phone and is never gonna be released to the public . Please see a short video for a sneak look at the news OS .
Dewey’s lawyer, Danyel Joffe, would not comment on what the DNA tests may have revealed ahead of Monday’s hearing, according to Reuters.
Word of problems with AMP first surfaced this past June, when an AMP staff member announced that AMP's founder, Sandra Hicks, was taking a leave of absence from the company and senior staff were assuming responsibility for all operations.
In the America I see, character and choices matter. And education, hard work, and living within our means are valued and rewarded. And poverty will be defeated, not with a government check, but with respect and achievement that is taught by parents, learned in school, and practiced in the workplace.
I always hate when people post about "how they haven't posted in forever and that they are totally going to start blogging again...be prepared for pictures" crap. And now that is totally me...and was me in June when I last posted. So sorry about that.
Who just wanted more
7. To make the frosting, place the stand mixer bowl over a simmering pot of water (the bottom of the bowl should not touch the water). Whisk the sugar and egg whites until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture registers 160 degrees with a candy thermometer.
USED CARS
You see while I still love black and white and the over all look of the space I'm not loving the black walls anymore. I just feel like they have been over done and I'm ready to re -paint and perhaps add another touch of color into the mix!
Great day with some good people.
You’re everywhere and nowhere somehow.
2nd place author will receive an interview on the site to brag about ANYTHING they want!
Responding to a threatened strike by fuel tanker drivers Cabinet office minister Francis Maude said,
Nothing much has been happening lately. Not much inspiration, not much to do. Just lazy day after lazy day. I’m somewhat grateful for this, though, considering I have the privilege of lazing around. Other people are working their fingers to the bone to feed their families or braving harsh terrains to find things that may help move medical knowledge forward.
I toyed with putting this in the last category along with the other 3 worst movies I saw this year. I know it’s a strange choice, because Charlize Theron is good. Patton Oswalt is good. Patrick Wilson is good. All three of them are good. Jason Reitman is good (I think… though come to think of it, I also disliked the almost universally loved Juno). In any case, it’s difficult for a hoard of good actors to make a really detestable film, but they somehow managed to do it, while still putting in decemt performances. Especially Oswalt, who kicks total ass. For whatever reason, though, I couldn’t wait for this movie to end. I HATED the main character. (Like… you’re supposed to think she’s a bad person. I just couldn’t stand her). I didn’t understand why anyone tolerated her nonsense. I thought, for a brief moment at the end that the movie might be slightly redeemed. But no. I know that is part of the supposed charm of it… that she’s so unapologetically awful. But I feel like for that to work really, the character has to have some sort of likeable thing going on underneath where you don’t completely despise her. Fail. I don’t feel bad for her. I just hate her.
YEAR:
Pho Tai - For a quick cheap bite, located underneath the escalator or on Bonham Street in Sheung Wan - a vietnamese place that serves the best cold rolls in Hong Kong.
he is above
Then, the internet dies again and the stupid FAST3304-V2 page that I hoped never to see again returns to haunt us.
Today I present the score to Lucio Fulci's SETTE NOTE IN NERO (1977). This one is known under a variety of other titles including: Murder To The Tune Of Seven Black Notes (my personal favorite), Seven Notes In Black (I believe the literal English translation) and The Psychic (the title used for the original US release). The score is by Bixio-Frizzi-Tempera (three musicians who often worked together and yes the Frizzi in there is Fabio Frizzi). The CD was released by Digitmovies (Catalog Code: CDDM062) in 2006.
The brewdog schlooners are nicely designed and to be honest then my husband came back with one for me I did think for a moment he was handing me a pint until I realised the glass was thinner.
For seventy years in Europe mere words could destroy a man's life, he and all around him could be purged, banished, imprisoned, or worse, for the thoughts within his head. Then a wall came down and they told us we were free. But what has really changed?
Don’t you just love it when you get the chance to feel both capable and superior? This must be how Joanna Lumley feels all the time.
So if you have purchased the set, I have to tell you it is a must have.
His recruitment into intelligence work started in 1980 when Moe and Younis both attended the University of Durban-Westville, where they were reportedly influenced politically by the likes of Pravin Gordan of the Natal Indian Congress.
Some people might tell me to try to ‘push through it’. While that works for people who DON’T have a disease that is triggered by high internal body heat, it is absolutely THE LAST THING I should do. In fact, that exact action is what threw me into my last two relapses in 2009, which came back-to-back due to my impatience. What I need to do when this happens is drink a ton of water, stand in front of a fan and maybe drench myself, in order to regulate my body temperature. It’s thoroughly frustrating when people think they can ‘motivate me’ (as if I need any more motivation, I’ve already been awake for five fucking hours on Saturday, and not because I set an alarm) and get me back on the mat.
Now, my question to everyone is this, why do you need so much power? Reduce your needs and you reduce what you need to run, less power used equals less power needed. Switch to LED lights, no heat, no loss of power, and take very little energy. I forgot after Xmas time to go and get a couple of strings of Christmas LED lights to use in the Camper. Lots of lights and very little power input.
feel my warm embrace
But in a way, the sore muscles feel good. It's a reminder that I'm working on something that is important to me. I don't know that to do about the sore brain though. So many expectations.
10. Petur Ben - "White Tiger"
Smith later in the article refers to “density trivia,” which unfortunately trivializes the issue. The details are important, because few people are against density at a site that could support some significant density; the question is how much.
Adrift on a sea of disappearing roads and I'm forgetting to turn off the lights.
My niece went to prom this weekend. I did her make-up, helped her with her dress, and then watched as she and a group of excited teenagers took 5 million pictures. As I listened to their happy teenage chatter I started thinking about high school and all of the crap that goes with it.
He came down the stairs, the gatekeeper saluted him and tried to follow him but he prevented him. “I won’t travel far, just down to the cove, I will shout out to you if I need you.”
04.22.2001
Iván Meade - What does “design value” mean to you?
The three unwinds in the story all bring to surface various themes and challenges Shusterman portrays through the novel. Connor is faced with dealing with his anger. How does an unwind who has been betrayed by his family and the entire world find a way to control his anger? Connor plays the game of emotions as he battles his inner anger and finds a way to cope with what has happened to him. Risa deals with the challenge of perfection. She has spent her entire life in the State Home where she became a pianist. Though accomplished, she did not meet the talent of those State Home orphans who are able to avoid unwinding. Eventually she finds that her talents grow and expand as soon as she is no longer under society’s label. Through Risa’s story Shusterman declares that we are all talented in our own ways but not always in the ways society wants us to be. Lev deals with the horror of realizing that everything he has grown up with and believed about God is smashed to pieces. Shusterman makes a huge statement about religion through Lev’s story and contribution. Ultimately Lev finds that he does not have to conform to society’s definition of God; he can believe in a God who doesn’t believe in unwinding.
In time, we are moving
A man longing- so eager- to see you happy
The black and blue leaf print will be used for a bag, and I had to replenish my supply of Apples and Pears. The white print with blue and red flowers is a jersey knit that was on the clearance rack. This will make a great summer top - probably using the same pattern as I did here - the striped fabric is a polyester suiting that was also on clearance. I will be using this to muslin some pants (someday!). The print on the right is my favorite - it's a matte jersey and it's so soft and fluid. It will probably make me crazy to sew it, but it was so pretty I had to get it!
Individuals with AS often lack the ability to use skills related to executive functioning like planning, sequencing and self-regulation.
Your Team Member: “what is the most important feature you’re looking for in a vehicle?”
1. The clouds
* imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group
This is a mighty brave statement from a girl who, this time last year, was in the midst of one of the most painful, horrific times of her life. Yep, me. I had been suspicious for some time that my boyfriend, and father of my five-month-old daughter, had been cheating on me. As a matter of fact, I KNEW he was, with every fiber of my being. I knew in the way one intuitively knows something that they cannot prove, that is. For months, my snooping had been escalating to obsessive levels. I was so desperate to prove that I wasn’t crazy AND that he was the world’s most deviant liar that I had gotten pretty creative.
Lee Shore Literary Agency gets the No. 21 Honorary Runner Up mention here.
There are really centrifugal force deniers? Do they think that Wonder Woman's lasso has magical levitation properties in addition to its magical truth-extraction properties? What do they think is happening, you know, in a centrifuge? Have they ever been on a Tilt-O-Whirl? The mind boggles, and it's making me queasy just recalling how much I concretely, viscerally accept that that there is such a thing as centrifugal force. (You really shouldn't have mentioned the taffee right before I was going to have to mention the Tilt-O-Whirl.)Hmm, I recall in high school physics that we learned "there's really no such thing as centrifugal force, it's just inertia and centripetal force." In college physics, I then learned that depending on your coordinate system (e.g. a turning car), there really is centrifugal force. It's all summed up rather nicely in this xkcd.
The Spirit Molecule explores the enigmatic dimethyltryptamine (DMT), a molecule found throughout nature, and considered the most potent psychedelic. In 1995, Dr. Strassman completed the first government-sanctioned, psychedelic research on DMT, with results that may answer humanitys greatest question
In Breughel’s Icarus, for instance: how everything turns away
The only problem with this revelation is that it’s false. If the reporter for AOL had taken time to read just the abstract for the Pediatrics article she may have seen the heading “CONCLUSIONS” (in all caps) and noted this summary:
However, we'd like to warmly welcome three new members: Jim, Sam, and Eric. It seems both the place mat ad and the Gazette article were effective recruitment ventures!
Number three: meditation, meditation, meditation. Which made me happy, because, for quite some time now, I’ve been looking for a legitimate excuse to start. Without anti-depressants, meditation’s my best bet for combating social anxiety. I was always worried, however, people would perceive me as a pretentious, yoga-practicing, frappuccino-sipping, Bench-wearing yuppie. Which, obviously, I’m not. I can’t even fit into most of those jackets. After visiting with Julie, however, I gave myself the green light. Let the battle with my alter ego begin. Ding!
b) He’ll ask you to change your profile pic, cause it’s unfair to the other girls he is seeing (and he thinks he’ll start seeing them more, cause he’s obviously spending too much time with you) and will make fun of you with his mates over a beer.
8) Pour 1/2 cup of water to the mixing bowl that you made kimchi in, swirl around to wash the filling and pour over to your kimchi.
Spring’s Celebration
Am I alone in this fight?
Ocean stones,
Three autograph books are part of the little stockpile of interesting things I brought from home this visit. One belonged to my dad and two were my mom’s, all filled with autographs from their schoolmates and friends in the 1930′s and 40′s. This past-time of collecting little bits of wisdom in small books probably evolved into the year book autographs of later years. I remember someone writing to me ”Roses are red, Violets are blue, I shot my dog Cuz he looked like you” and thinking the whole custom was highly overrated.
You've probably already heard about americaspeakingout.com, the house Republicans' new website where they pretend to care about what *you* think. Dana Milbank wrote about it this morning, and you really should read his thing about it, because it's hilarious how proud they are of their creation, one which became overrun with trolls about five seconds after its launch. If you get bored today, and you will at some point, I highly recommend the site for laffs, because it has now become the #1 comedy site on the whole internets, and I bet you'll come up with a suggestion or two yourself. So much fun!
Snug in his carry cradle,
Here at Rancho FirstNations, we are hard as nails and metal as fuck; therefore we decorate with dead animal parts.
One possible interpretation of this current social context I see (without, admittedly, doing any research here) is that the turn to internet cruising and hook-ups, bemoaned by many as the end of gay community, might actually be read as a resurgence of abjection within the context of intensified normalization. Internet hook-ups allow you to maintain the veneer of normality while embracing a dirty, promiscuous, abjected sexuality through the anonymity of the internet in the privacy of your own home, which allows a constant flow of disembodied cocks and assholes across one’s computer screen and, if you’re lucky, in yours or someone else’s bed later that night. Indeed, Craigslist and Manhunt are perhaps as secretive and shameful—and therefore as pleasurable—today as cruising the restrooms in the park was 50 years ago.
We popped her outside the day before yesterday to catch some sunshine. As the southerly change came in, I brought her inside. She was so cold. I put a towel in the dryer to warm it up and gave her a cuddle for a couple of hours. She seemed to improve a bit.
he makes our family different. & perfect.
I’ve also had the inner warnings of the fact that I’m coming up to a point where I may be vulnerable and a target for other people. I actually had a really vivid dream the other night where myself and a couple of my friends that I was with became targets of violence simply because we were so open and unassuming in the way we went about our business, and closed off people didn’t take to us very well. It was strange, but I woke up with what I felt was a clear understanding of where this was coming from.
My tears dropped onto his silky, orange tummy.
And that's where the problem lies, IMO.
I use torture and imprisonment.
My computer is still dead and while I've gotten my novel back it is hard to write when I know I have to save it in multiple places. I really need a new computer but there is just so much other stuff going on right now that it hard to think about shelling out the money needed to get a decent laptop that will last a good few years, well hopefully more than a few years.
Some writers aim to keep their dialogue as realistic as possible, using pauses and dialogue which mimics real speech, almost like a script but this, like everything in writing, has its ups and downs. While it is good to try to write natural-sounding dialogue, fiction is not real life and the purpose of dialogue in a sceneis usually very specific. The trick is to try and balance this. Too realistic can include too much while too contrived can reduce the overall effect of your scene.
Paso Doble is a rather easy dance, once one understands how to perform it. You must dance on angles, in diagonal lines, and with a wide silhouette. I don’t think Sugar Ray did any of those things. His posture, as well, was unacceptable for Paso. Although his posture has improved since the beginning of the competition, Paso requires you to carry your centre of gravity in the upper sternum; as a result, the hips should be carried forward, though the front should never be collapsed. I saw no difference in Sugar Ray’s posture from last week to this week.
Gerardo: You haven't seen my sex tape yet.
Acknowledgements
"It is remarkable that almost 50 years ago, the Association for the Advancement of Psychotherapy had the foresight to sponsor a symposium on the subject of comic books. After reviewing the comments in this symposium, I am struck by two things: how much times have changed, and how the present reflects the past."
2. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 6 hours or overnight.
By Geoffrey P. Hunt
And all I own is a deep remorse.
I was bored on Saturday and cajoled Anthony into going out. Before we did that, we decided to go eat. It’s not quite as easy as it could be to eat well and go out, but I knew it could be done. I really wasn’t feeling steak, though, so we decided to go to Taco Mac and get some hot wings.
“But if you like red…”
This is surprising when you consider the lack of awareness that is shown by Students at The Student Room (http://www.thestudentroom.co.uk/showthread.php?t=1977382&p=37249533), which members such as snag prophet claim “its nonsense”. For Kicks concurs, “Like anything in the press blown out of proportion… hardly a student phenomenon.”
The veteran coach tells OneNewsNow that is why he cannot support the measure. But some are intolerant of Brown’s biblical view and want him to be fired. Meanwhile, he recalls receiving applause not too long ago for leading a mid-field prayer before Nebraska’s game at scandal-torn Penn State.
I may do some browsing at Ikea tonight, just for the heck of it…and to procrastinate doing laundry and organizing my ENTIRE room. Yeah, not feeling it.
Whose abundant mercy is Peter speaking of? God’s abundant mercy or the Father’s abundant mercy?Which is it? It is so now we have the mercy of three. Or is it two since trinitarians claim that the first person is God and the first person is the Father so now we have two first persons and no third because Jesus is the alleged second person.
Most significantly, however, the relative rarity of pipe-smoking in America is a telling sign of its current intellectual crisis. If the pipe epitomizes the intellectual way of life, then is it any surprise that it cannot be found where schools substitute politically correct ideology for real philosophy, or where the intelligentsia, instead of engaging in serious thought, pander to the latest activist fads? Is it any surprise that America’s most famous pipe-smoker in the last thirty years has been Hugh Hefner, pajama prophet of the trite philosophy of hedonism? No, the age of the pipe-smoker is as far from us as the day when philosophers will be kings and kings will philosophize, a sad reality to which the thick blue haze of non-pipe smoke is only too ready to attest.
Dear Boulevard Chocolate Ale Consuming Cocksuckers,
* Harlan Ellison: Noted curmudgeon, inappropriate lady-groper. ("Inappropriate, or zany? Curmudgeon, or gadfly?")
It's amazing just how much the average "classic rock" doofus, who claims undying devotion to the mid-sixties rock scene and can tell you just about every Beatle story that he's copped outta fortysome years of ROLLING STONE all dripping with peace and love ginchy goodness, pretty much knows NADA about the music scene which the Beatles were part of nor the groups who were also doing their Liverpudlian darndest to make a dent. Yeah, I know that rock 'n roll ain't supposed to be just another version of history class...you know, "on which date did Mick Jagger develop his first herpes sore" or something equally odious, but if an entire generation of flower children claimed such a devotion to the fab four then why weren't they more interested in learning about the other acts who were frequenting the Cavern Club and creating a similarly-minded ruckus in the same clime and to the same clientele? I'll tell you why...them kids wuz spoiled ignoramuses!
I ended the evening with a nice, hot bath and read my book - The Illumination. It's pretty good, so far.
The world was ever so vast.
I serve the people of the United States and live the Army Values.
I’ve left some things out. It was just too difficult to write down. This is from the summer before I turned nine. From what I can tell, his MO was typically this, with some exceptions. He would be calm, violent, and then caring. He would be so gentle, thoughtful, and tender after. If I can somehow hold on to just that part of it and leave everything else behind, it wouldn’t be so bad. Like I said, it wasn’t all bad.
All Australians know what a chocolate freckle is. For my American readers it's a chocolate button covered in sprinkles, usually about the size of a 5c piece.
Melinda Dillon – Mom
It was interesting to see that a lot of the things that people considered beautiful were full of colour.
I'm eating like a caveman.
One hang up I have had since Ivey's birth is this .... no matter how I try to know Ivey or understand what it is to be her, really be her, I can not. My heart wants to know what it is to live in Ivey's world. But her world is so much more than I can fully grasp. In efforts to try, besides daily tasks, I took a course on deafblindness last year, endured several simulations being deafblind, wrote papers depicting my experiences, still, I am not deafblind. I have conceptual information. I do not have motor issues or mental implications. I walk. I speak. I am not my daughter. She is not me. She can not experience my world any more than I can truly experience her world. A simple fact that I can never change.
Tories apparently value traditions - unless there's money to be made it seems. Why else would they be in favour of selling off the nations forests? Forests that have belonged to the nation since the 1500's? They say they will favour charities or community groups but these organisations as a rule do not have the funds to buy them. They'll end up in private hands or worse, go to the timber companies.
Oh the blackness is murderous
“Ah, Inspector, I’m glad you’re here,” said George. “Mr Pozzella has received an obscene note signed in your name. It puts a whole new complexion on the case, don’t you think?”
Indeed, Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad has long argued that we are an Islamic state. The recent canings strengthen this position — though I disagree with such a definition.
To ensure this consistency, making drinks is calculated, measured, and timed. I know that grande triple vanilla soy latte will get exactly four pumps of vanilla syrup, then three shots, then soy milk steamed on AUTO up to the top. I know that I start pulling the shots as soon as I aerate the milk to make sure that they will be done just after the milk is steamed. I know that only cups of coffee and hot americanos get cup sleeves. I know that only frappucinos with chocolate chips get the chocolate sauce drizzle on the whipped cream. Anything beyond that needs to be written on the cup.
I already took out the trash looking like this,
Everyone else seems to recall 1977 as the year punk finally got a stranglehold on the UK music charts. This in mind, I'm sure I can look forward to each Thursday being a descent into a level of chaos and social breakdown never before experienced, culminating, at the year's end, with that epitome of the punk spirit Mull of Kintyre. Only three chords and talk of setting things on fire? Did anything capture the zeitgeist of that year more than the sight of three people in wellies strolling around in Scotland?
The report, Colorado Disciplinary Practices, 2008-2010: Disciplinary Actions, Student Behaviors, Race, and Gender, is published today by the National Education Policy Center (NEPC) at the University of Colorado Boulder. It is written by University of Colorado Boulder graduate students Ryan Pfleger and Kathryn Wiley.
making music mellifluous,
Transocean’s Emergency and Family Response Teams are working with the U.S. Coast Guard and lease operator BP Exploration & Production, Inc. to care for all rig personnel and search for missing rig personnel. A substantial majority of the 126 member crew is safe but some crew members remain unaccounted for at this time. Injured personnel are receiving medical treatment as necessary. The names and hometowns of injured persons are being withheld until family members can be notified.
So now I'm trying the avoidance technic, if I don't bake it...I won't eat it. Another problem, and it has to do with me and things that are on sale. So long story short, stupid Costco has Quality Street chocolates on sale.
“Li Tao’s captains assembled in a half-circle before him outside the mansion. The canyon opened wide behind them. He had summoned them from their posts to give their reports in person. He needed to look each man in the eye. Now more than ever before, loyalty was critical.
This curd was a delicious topping for the chocolate bread that I posted the other day and to be honest I did not have one without the other until the bread was gone. Chocolate and orange are perfect partners on the palate. So here is my version of Blood Orange Curd . . .
Love, peace, happiness and affection
TIME: 8:28 PM
Back soon with something crafty to share I hope!
That’s a quote from V.S. Pritchett’s essay on Nikolai Gogol’s Dead Souls. It corresponds exactly, or almost exactly, with impressions I have gathered over a lifetime of reading. How often have I come across passages in Balzac where he seems to lose interest or even be falling asleep (he wrote at night, using pots of coffee to keep him going). How often have I fumed at those places in Dickens’s novels where he seems to decide he has to throw in some romantic melodrama, and the quality of the writing falls off a cliff.
We now know that there are around 4,000 possible victims of Glenn Mulcaire’s phone hacking spree (at least). This is based upon the information taken from Mr Mulcaire’s home, and which, by the time of the Sheridan trial, had been in the possession of the Metropolitan Police for over four years. Quite how DCS Williams was able to say that there was one victim, Mr Pinkerton, seems remarkable.
I want to shine like a golden star
1. Run to the other half of the lake, and save your shoes, but not make it to the child in time.
This painting does not have as wide a range of values as I normally use, but it was a foggy day, and there were really no highlighted or very bright areas. So c'est la vie!
Born of an egg, with the strength and power to fight, befriend mankind and make rain in times of drought, it is no surprise that the beautiful Airavata is one of the most sacred elephants in world mythology. He truly deserves his place of honour resting on the points of the Earth’s compass, supporting the deities who carry the weight of the entire world on their shoulders.
(NAN) in Lafia on Friday that
So, I went to sit before sangha to learn how to sit. I'm sure there's a joke or a blues song in that. It was during those classes I was invited to take my refuge vows. Curiosity keep me going to classes, and subsequent visits to the Avolkiteshvara Center over the years I lived within the greater metroplex. Curiosity got me to take my refuge vows. After all, outside of meditation classes, I'd never been to a Buddhist ceremony before.
Isaiah 30:21-22 Although the Lord has given you bread of privation and water of oppression, He, your Teacher, will no longer hide Himself, but your eyes will behold your Teacher. Your ears will hear a word behind you, “This is the way, walk in it,” whenever you turn to the right or to the left.
And finally, these sterling silver "hinged" hoop style earrings in sterling silver. I've had these horseshoe shape wire wrapped components on my table for MONTHS now but couldn't perfect the ear wire. Finally, at last I have it! Victory! Yes, this one is worth celebrating!
We’ve had the privilege of seeing readings and workshops of plays in development that subsequently go on to receive professional productions (including "The Phantom Tollbooth" and "Flat Stanley"), as well as enjoying performances and presentations from such distinguished guests as Alan Alda, Alec Baldwin, James Salter and Julie Andrews.
Anyway. Michael Evans!
The Art of War (currently reading)
"Reading this book is a serious test for any food writer. Not only has Alex Watts done what all of us say we would like to do, tested his mettle in a professional kitchen, he also writes about his experiences so well that you spend as much time being jealous of his writing skills as you do of his experiences. It's an annoyingly enjoyable read." - Simon Majumdar
- 1 teaspoon of paprika
( I wonder how I can manage my time better )
-Why it doesn’t matter whether you believe in climate change or not, since failure to change our energy policy will remove the United States from its perch as both the economic, military and political superpower, presuming the damage is not already irreversible.
2 pressed
Cambie & 49th Ave – 8:17am
Rating 15
the day care while I walked up to the door, dropped his brother off,
Anyway, zipzaps or zig-zags aside, this dresser is 1000% improved. Great job Suzy!
So is that why I'm so here and there? Why I struggle to finish what I start??
* Presumably if you're, say, a Marxist Irish republican there's nobody promising 72 pints of Guinness in paradise or anything. Or maybe they're too bright to become what the some have described as a 'not-so-smart bomb'.
‘Pretty pinholes.’
See also
The one thing I am SO SCARED OF RIGHT NOW is ... in about 3 weeks I am going to have a new baby and I keep having these scarey thoughts of WHAT IF I DONT WANNA HOLD THIS BABY, WHAT IF I MISS MY SWEET LIJAH TOO MUCH, WHAT IF SEEING THIS BABYS HEAD CLOSED AND NO BRAIN SAC ON TOP MAKES ME SAD. AND THE OTHER THOUGHT THAT KEEPS RUNNING WILDLY ACROSS MY MIND IS.... " what if Elijah had lived? then this baby wouldnt be here and I honestly cant say WHAT that makes me feel but I FELL SOMETHING STRONG AND VERY INEXPLICABLE. WHAT IF I GET HURT FEELINGS WITH PEOPLES REACTIONS TO THIS BABY vs. how they reacted to Elijah.
Due to unfortunate circumcises I am having to post this challenge early, this will be the last challenge for a little while until I can resolve some technical problems my end. I want to thank the DT for all their hard work this term, they have done a fantastic job.
his stuff. I also think he had a really wonderful attitude
What role did he play in WTCS?
First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you’ve been to college.
You can too take into consideration what type of actions they’ve on-line also with polls, quizzes, articles and all sorts of issues that will help you meet up with new individuals also. However, in terms of the time to begin eager about meeting online and meeting head to head, then you will get nervous and somewhat panicked. It’s comprehensible however some sites will provide assist to to get by method of the nervousness and help two individuals meet up safely and in a place which is going to be comfortable for both parties involved. You might not have the ability to feel snug or even get to know your personal feelings about somebody until you sit down in a relaxed environment where you may each have a dialog and get to know one another.
120ml Cold water
I don’t know if I’ve ever showed you that room? It’s pretty darn cute. ;)
ISO – 400, Aperture – f/3.3, Shutter Speed – 30 seconds
Congressman Paul?
There are some days where you can remember where you were, what you were doing, no matter how much time passes.
55 will
After a couple of sampler glasses, my palate could barely distinguish anything. Walking Man alone had a strong pale ale, two IPAs and an imperial IPA on tap. My taste buds were beaten into submission.
Anyone is welcome to post or comment!
What, exactly, was it?
Design Paper - a snippet
when here alone in sunsets arms
about the light, but says, I am the light of the world.” No wonder the soldiers
Murakami Haruki's extra-long 1Q84 was full of narrative strategies that went against the grain of conventional storytelling. It represented a hardening of his hyper-realistic style and its ambitiousness was patterned after that of George Orwell's dystopia, with the Little People in the novel imagined to have the same iconic stature as Big Brother. This well-intentioned novel, however, was bogged down by its own paper weight.
Steve stood frozen as Trent shouldered past him, trotting along the sand. “What?”
$3.00/1 – LEGO, Hero Factory Fire Lord, Meteor Strike Game, Ultimate Brick Tub or Duplo Brick Tub, Target Coupon
“You are writing on your board too loudly and disturbing my students!” she snarled. The new teacher cocked her head to the side and apologized. Ms. Witch left, slamming the door. The newbie smiled at her shocked students and continued as though nothing had happened, but inwardly, she was hatching an amusing plan. Her mama had schooled her in graciousness, but her daddy had taught her to fight.
to impress the rest,
Pope Benedict XVI discussed this on 1st January 2009 in his Homily in which he referred to his Message for the World Day of Peace entitled: "Fighting poverty to build peace"
It's your turn! Post your Good News, things you'd like to Brag about, and whatever is the latest BUZZ right here.... it's a linking party :o) Don't forget to join in this sweet challenge, too!
Advantages of Resource planning and scheduling are many. Efficient Resource planning & scheduling leads to development of systems which makes a job easier. It makes the organization more effective by re-alignment of traditional working practices. Resource planning efficiently accomplishes organizational goals and empowers your organization to meet deadlines, in addition to safeguarding profitability.
The effect of high/low I.Q. has also been studied in depth, with fairly predictable results. Low I.Q. individuals performed badly in social class, family stability, income, educational levels, illegitimate pregnancy, single parent families, rate of prison incarceration, rape, violent crime etc. etc. etc.
(Sadly, no photo – we were too busy eating to take the photo)
We also did some bird-watching, although again, not having an European bird book, it was definitely on the Watching end of things rather than Positive Identification.
The Geauga County Maple Festival is held on beautiful Chardon Square and opens on Thursday of the last full weekend in April. The festival celebrates the production of maple syrup, a leading agricultural industry in Northern Ohio.
Anyway, thats enough waffle, the script has been wrote, storyboard is finished, costumes have been created, all thats left is to shoot it.
I had a friend who used to write short stories almost everyday because that is what she dreamed about. I personally wish I had dreams that were good enough to write down for stories but unfortunately many of my dreams are pretty dull.
Ask someone who is borderline about abandonment issues or problems with romantic relationships and IF they aren’t in a rage you’ll probably get a clear, insightful assessment of the issues; similar to what I wrote above. In fact, plenty of people with BPD can and do hold down jobs and live their life with the “normal” mask intact. But inside, they feel alien to this world and most of the time dwell in emotional turmoil. There’s an unofficial term called: The Quiet Borderline. It should have it’s own place in the DSM-V.
Bloggers Bake for Hope is a virtual bake sale. Bloggers will donate their time, ingredients, and shipping costs so there are no expenses associated with this virtual bake sale. All proceeds from the bake sale will be sent to the Massachusetts Komen for the Cure.
Oh, and it's not "bitching." It's "constructive criticism."
After, the First Lady flew to Des Moines, Iowa, to meet with Obama for America campaign staff at Windsor Heights Community and Events Center, where she spoke to about 400 people. She urged the invitation-only audience to stay focused and "fired up" because it could be a very tight race.
Fog lifting.
So then why do I stress so much over having a neat house? I shouldn't. I have two little kids, who want to learn and explore. I prefer their messiness to a lack of motivation or interest.
I’m not saying that we turn our high streets into crazy versions of Las Vegas. We don’t need to put lights everywhere to attract customers. But there has to be an understanding that the high street is an evolving model and it requires a planning law which is flexible.
Thank you all for your kind words of support and encouragement this past week. I can’t tell you what they mean to me. I promise you’ll all be the first to know when I receive any information.
There is a downward trend in the proportions of men exceeding four units and women exceeding three units on their heaviest drinking day in the week before interview. The proportion of men exceeding four units on their heaviest drinking day was 41 per cent in 2005 and 36 per cent in 2010. The proportion of women exceeding three units was 34 per cent in 2005 and 28 per cent in 2010.
but now I've made the decision to stop eating so much unhealthy food.
Although there are inevitably some similarities with Horace McCoy’s depression-era classic They Shoot Horses Don’t They?, there is nothing as grimly deterministic in its social commentary here as we follow the shifting fortunes of the contestants. Though there are 16 competitors to begin with, right from the start all eyes are on the rivalry between reigning champion Captain Erskine Chadwick, who from his side bets stands to win a whopping £11,000, and the young pretender Charles Durrell. Their contest takes place in a privileged space on the internal track reserved for gentlemen, while on the outer track run all the others from the lower social classes – the most eccentric of which is the completely inexperienced Francis Mostyn whose motives for participating are a mystery. At the end of each day we are given a summary of everyone’s progress with a table of the miles and laps run. Lovesey spends quite a lot of time setting up the basic situation and all the characters so that sergeant Cribb only makes his appearance a third of the way in when Durrell dies, apparently of tetanus. He is a serious and intelligent man, not much interested in running as a sport and who proves to be a smart judge of character, changing interrogation technique depending on the person in question. Cribb’s deductions are always logical and plausible, though I’m still not entirely convinced about how fairly he solved the case (more about that below)
National Eggs Benedict Day will be celebrated on April 16th this year . In honor of this classic I decide to make this delicious breakfast dish for our supper tonight. Lightly toasted English muffins, Canadian bacon and poached eggs all topped off with a creamy smooth, buttery Hollandaise Sauce. From start to finish this dish is simple and quick. It is basically an assembled dish with the Hollandaise Sauce being the only thing that took a few minutes. I used Ina Garten's recipe for the creamy sauce and as usual her recipe did not let me down.
Me: “What?”
Cheery Lynn Designs Dies - Fanciful Flourish B117
One of the reasons I love the animated HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS is that it combines the talents of three supremely gifted and legendary individuals: Theodor Geisel, Chuck Jones, and Boris Karloff. Even if it didn’t work, it’d be worth a watch just to see how the talents of these individuals blend together, but as I’m guessing you know – it does work.
Confidence is a function of successful risk-taking. Take them back to times when they didn’t take the easy out.
The second 'C' is courage. It is fear or insecurity that makes one resort to corruption. Then one tries to find security through money, which doesn't really happen. We have to create courage and confidence in our ability and the laws of nature.
Health-wise, I saw a wound care specialist yesterday. We had a great appointment and he really understands what's happening with me. He said spot on my leg that's not healing looks health enough to heal, but because of all my complications, it may take longer than expected. I'm cool with that. I feel good vibes from this dr. and know he'll do all he can to help me. The best part is he gave me compression stockings! Ohhhhhh...very oh, la, la! Only the best Italian grandma's flash those kinda knee highs! But, it will help with my poor swollen ankles and feet. One day, and it's already better. I could get on semi-normal shoes today for the first time in weeks.
I’d never heard anything like it. From there, of course the next
Santorum: thanks Savannah
In 1963, Allan Sherman released—two different versions of "The Twelve Gifts of Christmas," in which the gifts are tacky early 1960s items, such as a cheaply-made Japanese transistor radio. Also that year, Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for their album Christmas with The Chipmunks, Vol. 2, in which they grow tired in the middle and accidentally flub on the eleventh day.
without vitiating the evidence in any manner’. I don’t see anyone reasonably arguing that this is not in the form of a post-infringement remedial measure, much like the DMCA. Second, the court goes into the question of ‘actual knowledge’ stating that the defendants had specific knowledge of the plaintiff’s works since they were provided a list of their titles and updated works from time to time. Third, the fact that it obtained a license from users to modify content to insert ads and such indicated that they had knowledge of the content of the works. Fourth, the court found that its India-centric operations are also a
UMBC student Dagmawi Tilahun, from the Department of Chemical, Biochemical, and Environmental Engineering, presents “Low Cost Incubator/Warmer/Cooler/Transporter Design for Neonates.” Tilahun and project partner Kevin Tran were featured in a Baltimore Sun article on URCAD, which explained that their research grew out of an assignment from professor Govind Rao on the use of sensors in chemical engineering.
First of all when eggs are laid, they are covered with a thin oil coating that makes the shell impermeable to water (and therefore bacteria.) Because of this, you don’t need to refrigerate an unwashed egg for up to a few (3 tops) days. (Of course I tell people that they shouldn’t ever leave any eggs in a very hot kitchen or in direct sunlight.)
Moist britches and classic early hardcore is what Mutha Records 004 is all about. They released this fantastic LP in '83. These neighbors of Snookie took New Jersey and put it on wax. Harder, faster and rageful with a different approach and admirable song writing S & M. Most would say one of the best hardcore records from the NJ hordes. Singer Jacko Monahan later went on and joined Dirge.
Yaourti Me Meli- Yia-6urti Me Meli
White Labs WLP530 Abbey Ale yeast
In the past, Ananda asked Buddha, : ” Buddha, you are The Enlightened One. I am your cousin brother and also your attendant. Can you pass part of your wisdom to me, so I can attain enlightenment soon?”
At one time in the mid 1960s – well before his TV fame in the early 1990s – he owned six houses and became a horse race tipster – he was banned from three betting offices for being too successful. He had inside information: he knew someone who was married to a multi-millionaire who sold meat to Morrison’s supermarkets:
After an in depth analysis of the core values, lifestyle, style and desires of the client's project a detailed site analysis is taken.
Specifically mentioning cachaça is a major change because since 2000, Brazil has had to label it "Brazilian rum," putting into a much more competitive market niche, because cachaça was not specifically recognized by the U.S.
Thought I would share with you one of my most favorite miniatures.
I have died to sin! I am no longer a slave of sin, but I now live in fellowship with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Sin no longer rule in my mortal body nor do I obey the desires of my natural self. I shall not surrender any part of myself to sin to be used for wicked purposes. Instead, I give myself to God, as those who have been brought from death to life, and I also surrender my whole being to Him to be used for righteous purposes. Sin is no longer my master, for I do not live under law but under God’s grace! Amen!
For Warmaster, same as above. In fact, something that looks really nice is to put the troop in the double base in different positions throughout the unit. A unit is 3 stands in Warmaster. Imagine the unit in line, with the bases arranged like this:
Anything making you queasy or sick? Feeling nauseous everyday for most of the day.
BoBunny Et Cetera Combo Sticker Sheet
"A cheerful heart is good medicine,but a broken spirit saps a person’s strength."
Now Caitlin Kelly’s are bloody everywhere! There was even another one living for a while in my suburban New York town of only 10,000 people. When I once airily asked my mortgage company to look something up under my name, lists of them appeared. Ouch!
Amazed
Prebius: he should have the cut the debt like
Trend Micro releases SecureCloud key management system – Trend Micro announced a product development initiative using Apache CloudStack currently in incubation at the Apache Software Foundation, giving Trend Micro first-mover advantage among those Apache CloudStack users searching for easy-to-deploy encryption solutions tailored to the cloud.
Letter F Pattern
Percent of complex words : 15.9
for the one
Notable tracks include Cliff's sublime cover of The Clash's 'Guns Of Brixton' which reveals the melancholy sadness that lies underneath the anger of the original and Rancid's 'Ruby Soho' which now sounds like it was recorded in Kingston circa 1971. The EP is available on iTunes and Amazon and a special 'Deluxe Pack' including vinyl, t-shirt and poster is available from Cliff's own website.
Anyway, whilst updating the blog, the people at Homemark showed a cracker of a TV advert. Wait for it….
Just some simple rules to follow:
I really should have taken photos, not because Jason was indeed shocked by the surprise, but because the theme of the birthday party was Pokemon.
So there have been a few things I don’t love (hello, aloof boys). As well as couple times I’ve been surprised by the wrong impressions I’ve had. That Western Europe is ahead of America in the recycling game is one of these (sadly) wrong impressions.
Both song and tree,
So, that should solve it–anytime I’m tempted to be discontent with anything in my life, and I have food and clothing, I need to remind myself to be content. I have all I need and more.
Ironically, the Republicans have criticized President Barack Obama for his not promptly filling judicial vacancies. Of the 87 judicial vacancies, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has designated 34 as “judicial emergencies” because they lack a sufficient number of judges to deal with the caseload. The Constitution guarantees people a speedy trial, something they won’t be getting because the Republicans are waiting for 2012. Liu was nominated the first time almost two years ago; during that time the Senate has confirmed only 62 percent of Obama’s nominations.
Young Picknelly Jr. walked by in white tennis shoes. Linda Melconian, Jose Tosado and Bill Foley were seated at a table, but Linda got up and left as I approached. I complained to Foley and Tosado that everything the City Council does is decided in the backroom before the meeting and the public proceedings are just a farce. I also complained about the Quadrangle and when I happened to mention Fran Gagnon both Foley and Tosado made a face like they didn't like her. I told them they should always consult Charles V. Ryan and Eamon T. O'Sullivan before voting on any matter of importance and they thanked me for my opinions.
It took me awhile, but I figured out the reason I have been sleeping so much is due to pain.
Remember when you're talkin' to the man upstairs
Crude looks like it’s trying to establish an uptrend, after a positive divergence, and gained 0.6% on the week.
In Free State, where Malema has been since Thursday, the league said it is going to march against Premier Ace Magashule this week.
“As a longtime local history enthusiast, I have enjoyed the bits of old-time information that appear in your publication. The recent image of the ice house triggered memories of ice skating and of ice houses. When I was a boy, my Uncle Benny lived next to us on the good old unpolluted Patuxent River. We had a nice little pond, and Uncle Benny had the ice house. It was a hole dug in sandy ground, very close to the local dirt road, with good shade from several paradise trees after noon. It was about eight feet deep and eight feet wide, and the interior was lined with mostly Virginia pine and some white oak slabs. It had a homemade ladder and an A-line roof with wooden shingles. Straw provided insulation.”
This has been a fun year on Facebook. Old high school pals and acquaintances have been turning 40. I've been trying to say witty and fun things for everyone's 40th birthday. I think we all should embrace the 40 and run with it. So many sayings about 40 is the new 20 and all that.
Tom Sawyer – Rush
For seven decades now, the Beeb has been asking a series of famous and not-so-famous guests to imagine being sent alone to a desert island, and to consider what music and books they might bring with them into solitude. In between listening to excerpts from their favourite pieces of music, guests are asked generally good-natured questions about their life and work.
It also reinforces the idea that the safety foreign visitors enjoyed during the tournament in June was a mirage. This murder then shows how life has returned to normal after the soccer fans departed.
who shoulder burdens they cannot manage
But I know they could see that in my face, in my eyes, in the way I lived my life.
“After that we just need to sit back and wait.”
* University of Munich (Germany)
A Department for Education spokesman said: “No school can ever afford to rest on its laurels.
She chokes on her pretty little heart
In a week that encompassed many emotions, we completed Years 1, 3, 5 and 7 in great style. As an unashamedly proud mother, I will forewarn all, that I will continue to use this blog as my very own brag book.
We've all encountered these people at least once it our lives. Same classic lines: "Oh you did 'Xyz?' Well I did 'Xyz' abroad, you know the quality there is so much better" or "Oh I also got 'Blarg', looks like you got the cheep one though. I got the deluxe edition". We get it, your an amazing guy with more time and money to spend than the average Joe. It's cool, don't really care though. I do care when you try and make your mediocre crap sound like it's equal or greater to other peoples achievements that took more hard work than what you have in your body.
When I got it home, I tried it on for The Man. (Note: This is usually how I get away with buying new clothes. I try on the sexiest thing I've purchased and parade it in front of him. When he emits a guttural growl, I feel certain that he won't ask how much it cost.)
2 teaspoons Creole seasoning
Next we had the dish that our server had recommended to us, the charred avocado stuffed with crab, topped with wild hen mushrooms, with whipped fish sauce and chicharron. If you haven’t had grilled avocado, you haven’t lived.
Club. Duberstein was the Vice President of Timmons & Company, which
It has improved tremendously, actually. I’ve always loved performing, but there was definitely a time when I knew less. It’s like anything; you grow with it. All the different elements behind it: going from being able to create the right space around you, adjust to being on the road, and having the right people around you- in terms of the band and people working for you, having more knowledge of my instrument, and being able to connect with the fans. I find that when time goes on, I really find myself enjoying it more and more every tour.
As I mentioned yesterday, as part of this month's challenge I have recruited the help of a few guest bloggers to share some new information for us to learn about. The one you'll meet today is a friend of mine from college, and I am so excited about what she has to share with us. Please welcome Andrea!
Instead of steaming the broccoli and sweet potatoes, we roasted them at 425°F for 20 minutes with the seasoning (salt, pepper, smoked paprika, cinnamon, thyme, cayenne and we also added allspice).
For as long as I can remember, and most certainly before that, my grandmother has made Easter Bread every year. This bread isn't pretty to look at but its dense, almost cake-like crumb makes it an ideal candidate for dipping in coffee or milk. Its slightly sweet taste also pairs well with some savory foods. A family favorite: Easter bread served with dried sweet Italian sausage on Easter morning.
Adding a link to any post makes it worlds more effective than in if you just put up a post with out one. On the bottom of every blog, you will find a link to my website Hell, scroll down, you will find either a link or a full signature with a couple links. On the top of my YouTube videos is a link. Get link crazy!
Men need to align to this feminine energy more, and become softer and more gentler, women need to encompass all the feminine traits in a more rounded balanced way,…Jesus carried this pose in abundance,and although a man was in total alignment with the feminine source. The so-called “Womens Liberation ” movement of the 60.s the burn your bra brigade was essentially the moment in time when women were meant to find themselves and align with this energy..unfortunatly the idea got hijacked by out of control egotistic male basher,s and led many women down a path more aligned for men..as a consequence many young girls of today have lost their sense of femininity and have moved towards the more egotistical male way of life…A prime example of this was the female British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, instead of changing the old way of male self-destruction egotistical ideas, and bringing in more softer, feminine healthy ways..she in fact took British politics to verge of fascism and with the nasty traits of greed, selfishness, and coldness..women are such an important part in the resurrection of love and compassion and need to ditch this unhealthy male induced life style and realign with their much more healthy and enhancing female spirit..especially women in the western world..Eastern women need to be liberated of the male domination over them…but the key is a balance of softness and strength…warrior women and devout female.women have no reason to outdo men, that is pure bs and ego driven..they can do far more things than men are ever capable of..certaintly more then I can do..go forth and do them and do them well , the time for a united mother is upon us..Gaia the earth mother goddess will embrace all of us..her feminine energy is pure and powerful.
Lionel has made a batch of Cheshire cheese. Remarkably similar to making standard cheddar with only one simple tweak. Tried to alter the cheese wax colour with food dye. Big mistake! Need to buy the wax in the correct colour. Lesson learned. Can't wait to try making Edam/Gouda and Fetta next.
But want something easy and comforting, like a bowl of soup, in these cold weather outside?
Jack was in front leaning his weight on his walking aids. John and I towered behind him. As we got up to next to be called Jack spun around and through a mouth still mouldy with milky cereal, said: “I 'ope ta Christ they accept me facking ID! If it's Vijay ee'l refews fer'shure! Made me walk all t'way ta Hammersmith last fortnight... Me, wiv a missin' fackin' leg!”
We found some more after mbut we caught up with her. We were trying to figure out what kind of bones they were. We think a critter might of been going through the garbage and they could of been chicken bones. And that one bone I really think was a mouse. But you will never om left, know!
Even as a tourist, it’s easy to feel the rhythm of this unique marketplace where you can feel, taste, touch and smell the essence of a Mexican pueblo. There is a palpable richness in the air and an abundance of resonant energy- it’s everywhere you look, in the frijoles, the maiz, hierbas and frutas. A diversity of dried chiles line the racks, reflecting the unique flavors of Mexican cuisine- chile de arbol, pasilla, chipotle, guajillo, ancho, morita, and California.
I may talk about a lot of things in my notes/podcast as far as the exploration of the game element, matrix, what's real or fake, contrived imagery, simulation, blurring of events, etc. But no matter what parts of the science, technology or mythology I'd address I was always sure to address the metaphor and my take on their journey to enlightenment. Who knows why this is a layer of the story I always gravitated to, maybe it's because coincidentally have been trying to put the pieces of my broken self back together and it's one hell of a process.
Rhulic 1
I still maintain that her argument as quoted in the chat above boils down to an assertion that anything that you have spent money on, you value more than all the things you haven't spent money on. And it was the argument that was used, again and again, to raise money for RAINN. I think raising money for rape crisis centers is great. But that doesn't mean I think every single thing that's said in support of the fundraising is correct. I still believe that what she said about the fact that Assange is fighting extradition suggests his guilt (as I quoted from here) is wrong and dangerous. I still believe that in the course of promoting #mooreandme, Sady made some disingenuous and problematic arguments, more than just these two.
A regular commenter at my blog wondered aloud as to what it would take to satisfy the protesters. With tongue in cheek, he declared the government should indeed fulfil Bersih’s 7th and 8th demands, viz. “stop corruption”, and put a halt to “dirty politics”.
But…but our family history looms in the background, a constant scythe ready to cut through any happiness we might be able to broker. Even all these years later (and countless therapy sessions) the abuse at the hands of my biological father – physical, emotional, sexual - still affects my relationship with my mother in profound ways.
They spent the first part of last month in Dunedin intensively workshopping design options for the campus.
There will be either 62 or 63 breweries in the show, with over 900
The amount of coverage needed will vary from one family to another. It can also vary depending on where in life a person is when he or she takes out the policy. A newly married couple, young in age, will normally need less life insurance coverage than a middle-aged couple with a home mortgage and student loans that need to be paid off. Then again, a high earning young couple may need more life insurance than a middle-aged couple if the high-earning couple needs to replace one of the incomes lost through death. As you can see, coverage is dependent on many issues and aspects, some of which are hard to explore without the aid of a qualified life insurance agent.
I saw this book recently at Target and it looks so cute! I love their show on TLC so I know that I'd like their book as well. It has all sorts of personal stories alongside numerous recipes. It looks like a good read!
Pour liquids over dry ingredients and mix lightly with a spoon or spatula till just barely combined. Do not overmix. Divide batter evenly among the 12 cups, using about 1/4 cup for each. Use a generous tablespoon of streusel for each muffin. Bake about 18 minutes, or till a toothpick inserted near center returns with just a few crumbs. Cool in pans 5 minutes, then turn out onto wire rack to finish cooling. Yield: 12 muffins
960 ***D-III/13/1987. “The Haymarket Controversy.” Clarence Darrow Memorial Meeting, Jackson Park and the Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(4), above, pp. 969-77, 1078-81, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 283-95 (2004).)
Each locality of our overgrown Metropolis possesses its own distinctive characteristics, and the peculiarity attached to Whitechapel is that it is the Bond Street of Labour. True, we should seek in vain for the faultlessly fitting apparel, magnificent shirt fronts, razor edged collars, lustrous Hobys, delicate kid-gloves, aristocratic lorgnettes, jewelled bracelets, and rich moire antiques of the Western thoroughfare; nor should we expect to inhale the fragrant odours of Peisse and Lubin, in a locality sacred to hot saveloys, tripe, fried fish, smoking pudding, baked potatoes, and other savoury delicacies, with which Labour regales his not over fastidious palate; but we have abundant opportunities for observing what stuff the wealth producers of society are made of; for here we meet with Labour in every possible guise, from young Magenta Sarsnet, assistant to Messrs. Ribbon, Muslin, & Co., in his bran new Volunteer uniform, down to the poor shivering needlewoman, who, with garments utterly devoid of crinoline appendages, nervously shambles homewards, with her heavy bundle of coarse slop-work, from the establishment of Shadrach, Sweater, & Co., in Hounsditch. Here, Labour's attention is arrested by a man with a large carriage-umbrella, which is spread open and filled with a variety of prints and engravings, the majority of which are profusely decorated with red, blue, and yellow colours, in the most approved Pre Raphaelite style. Next to the picture vendor, stands a stall keeper with linen sleeves and apron of snow white texture, and who is busily engaged in retailing sundry mysterious compounds of a highly saccharine nature, and which are respectively designated as "Pine apple Rock," “Sebastopol Candy," “Volunteer Toffy,” etc, but the flavour of which surely cannot be improved by the unmistakable odours which emanate from the wet flabby baskets of his neighbour of the Guernsey shirt, who is rapidly disposing of his stock of suppositious fresh herrings.
Y es you’re right, it’s Jack Frost’s frown.
I took a step just inside the doorway, letting the dark nuzzle at my form. I could see a glass staircase unfolding under my feet. I clutched the outside of the portal, wanting to turn back, but there’s nothing to go back for. I took a deep breath, and I surrendered myself to a new door; a new opportunity…
Last week Women of Zimbabwe Arise (Woza) held a protest in Bulawayo declaring a national disaster and demanding food aid. Two leaders were arrested.
I’ve been cleaning almost all day to make it look nice for his arrival.
Oh, they need a hen too....and if one can't be borrowed or made from papier mâché it has been suggested that I could find a compliant bird with thespian tendencies from my hen pen. Strewth! I think not. An afternoon covering a wire frame with paste and paper would be infinitely preferable. Non?
But Ms Dial of the True and Robust COP Loyalist is speaking out against it, she wants mayorship or nothing….Ms Dial, Prakash the Gonad-less has already accepted nothing…..so while I admire your fortitude, trust me, the “Eat Ah Food” posse in the COP going to hunker down and chew harder and faster.
Rating: 4/5 Well done second installment with actual character growth!
Who is Woman?
- Stone Cold Steve Austin t-shirts (is he even still alive? was the teenager wearing this shirt ironically?)
1.) Moving Butterfly Hair Clips
My favorite event, since I never make panels was the Cosplay Burlesque. This was my thrid year in attendance, the first being at I-Con 28 hanging out drinking with Kira Buckland. What a cool voice actor if you ever get the chance to meet her. And then once again at I-Con 29 when we returned to SBU. It wasn’t until this year however that realizing as Commitee I can enter and leave the room that I decided to hang out in the back of the room watching rather then taking a seat. And that proved to be amazing. I ended up hanging out with a few of the performers during the show and spent a nice chunk of time talking with Valorie who started it all and asking her a few questions. She was really cool to talk to and was just casually joking with me as we watched the show, before she went on and in between acts. There was another girl who I got a moment or so to speak with but not to any great length. I truely can’t complain though, one of my favorite parts of conventions I think is getting to meet guests, and hang out with them a little bit. It makes the weekend worth it. The MC’s are always great, same two guys joking around just having fun. Overall if you can look them up. I only know them as Cosplay Burlesque but what a great act they put on!
I responded to this last one a bit more violently by declaring: "Just for that, I am so going to sleep with the next random guy who walks by!" Which happened to be a 70 year old man, as I was in the pharmacy section of CVS at the time.
Depressed suddenly, I decided to read through all the emails I’d received. Out of the 11, 3 looked promising. Their pictures were alright and the emails funny. So, I replied to all 3 and now I have 2 dates set for this weekend. Which isn’t bad I guess (?)
It took me a while to get all the pieces cut out as I decided to make two in tande-m rather than going through the whole process again after I'd finished one. It took rather longer when I realised I had my perspex cutting guide the wrong way up so I had cut some of the pieces out too long (which can obviously easily be rectified) and some pieces too narrow (which can't).
I've started a post or two about being single in a world where being married (or engaged) seems much more desirable - to me and to those around me. I've been frustrated and hurt when not included in "couply" occasions like dinner parties. And, I've felt left out of "family" events because I'm a single mom.
My back pain limits how much I can do. And my memory is also going, and I’m realizing the limitations that will mean too. Don’t get me wrong, I’m still functional, I just function differently. I’m getting some insights on what it means to get old and frail. My next door neighbor is 93, and can’t walk much because of a stroke. She spends her days sitting in a chair watching TV. I can now see a path from where I’m at, to where she’s at. I know I’ve got to be prepared for a lot more limitations. Maybe it’s lucky that I have all that practice at watching TV, because if I had been an extreme sports kind of guy it would have been much harder to give it all up.
But Highland's principal said the community, and the city, can assist.
George and Diane are not in a partnership but a carer-caree friendship, yet have been housed together in just one room since their eviction.
Legal Reference Material
And that was it. We were pretty much led out of her office and given an appointment with a specialist. I got in the car, sobbing, and immediately, my mind went back to that ultrasound technician. She knew. She knew the whole time. And out of fear that we would notice something different about our baby's profile, she left that picture out. It all made sense.
Edo State and the country at large, is a statement of do-or-
It started on Mnet Series last Friday (06/04/12) at 7.30pm so you still have time to start watching and get in on the fashion action.
So a very simple card, but I love the two colours together and will definately have to play around with this background set a little more!
This week's challenge from LGS is a really interesting one: use white plus one colour. Now, I used yellow, which looks fab in real life but is not so great when being photographed with white!! Didn't think of that, duh!
If you know me you are laughing your head off right about now because you know how totally true this is. My house is a mess, I rarely take care of my appearance, I occasionally swear in front of my children and have been known to yell. These are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to my list of flaws and I am ok with it. Yes I can be judgemental, but if you say you're not then you are lying. I screw up sometimes and burn an entire cookie sheet full of roasted chickpeas or forget what you told me five minutes ago, but I can deal with that.
PREHEAT oven to 450F
But for now, I still stand waiting for my heart to gather faith to believe I can fly….Faith to cross this doorway…… Faith to take a leap of freedom…
Serrated Knife (electric ones work best)
I will guide them to you, inform them of your dues.
The worst thing about learning the A to Z of the CST (Customer Service Toolkit) is the bloomin' TLA's (that's three letter acronyms to you.)
In order to be considered a legitimate child during the Regency, your parents had to be married at the time of your birth. It didn’t matter what their status was at your conception, as long as they made it to the altar—together—before you made an appearance in the world. If you came before the nuptial ceremony, you were illegitimate, forever, even if your parents married later*.
Giulia takes Lucrezia on a field trip to one of the poor areas—an old Roman bathhouse that now houses orphan children—and explains that the nunneries that used to care for the orphans there are starved of funds. The bathhouse they’re walking through is starved of water, too. The two ladies decide to set themselves to the task of restoring the water and getting the money out of the curia. Giulia suggests they recruit Vannozza as well. Hell yes, that’s an excellent triumvirate.
You'll find two new wild birds ornaments in my Etsy shop which is here: Buckscountydesigns. Both are original oil paintings on porcelain. The Cardinal ornament is published on page 32 of Celebrate365's Winter edition. And don't forget, this week you can get 10% off everything in my Etsy shop (even sale items) using the code SNOWFLAKES at checkout.
The good news is that anyone with a windowsill, soil, seeds, a lot of love and a little bit of hard work can still enjoy freshly grown vegetables by starting a container garden!
The depths of space to probe.
The video tutorial says to use Mod Podge to finish the project, but I didn't care for how that looked on my tester. It made the photo look too glossy (even though it was satin Mod Podge) and too home-made, as opposed to handmade. :) So, I just didn't use it on these.
You will find many of these pages here as free downloads for you, just in case you want to start a calendar book of your own. My kids had trouble fitting the letters of the months into the spaces on the Write the Date paper, so I gave you a couple of versions with the months written in for the children in a traceable font. As you can see in the pictures, I added a whole language arts component to our calendar book with the “Word Family of the Day” and the “Sight Word of the Day.” Basically, the children would copy one of the words from the wall per day into their books. I always have these words stapled up next to my calendar (and I change them often, if not monthly) so it was a natural progression for me to include it in our calendar book. I am including these sheets for you as your free download this week, too! Other things we added were:
2010.08.25 Pakistan Bajaur 1 0 Islamic militants shoot a tax collector to death on his way home.
After our meal we walked down the Chine at dusk with it lit up. Its a pretty Victorian style attraction. We'd given J & G a lift to Shanklin & they'd been in the arcade all evening then we met for icecream & went home.
The People Vs. Larry Flynt (Scott Alexander & Larry Karaszewski)
The second is that it is far more likely to awaken when there are people about. Which is why, to get into the cave, where a person that no two people are guaranteed to think looks the same lays, one no longer has to hike. An elevator exists, under permanent and careful guard, letting in those who are no threat and wish to see it, in the hopes that one of them will cause it to stir, and deliver another message.
As you can see.
New Testament confirmation:
6)Cibola NM, Elk
Hope you have a beautiful day.
Beware of everybody; trust no one; keep yourself in readiness, as soon as the moon is visible; I shall leave the hotel incognito, take a carriage or a chaise, we shall drive like the wind to Sheveningen; I shall take paper and ink with me; we shall write our letters.
So far I am loving summer. Granted we are only a week and a half in, but I am so thankful for the way I have structured our time thus far. I have planned activities (swim lessons and gymnastics) on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday mornings so we get up and get out of the house...and the kids get some exercise. Now if I could just get some exercise for myself in there, we'd really be doing great. Maybe that's what we'll do on Thursday and Friday mornings. We shall see...
Remind out listeners the part of John 6 that we are talking about.
Anyway, three of us arrived together (Claudette had picked us up) and there was no need to worry about a designated driver or having one too many drinks because as was our other custom, we always had a big girls pajama party after dinner, spending the night so no one had anything to worry about.
4:30-6:30 Panel 6: Julia Wright, Katrina Ross, Galen Yeo/Olga Polunin
In a separate bowl, beat together butter and sugar until smooth
Obama’s announcement, in a hastily-arranged ABC interview on Wednesday, came after years of dodging the issue. He was forced to go public partly because vice-president Joe Biden ignited the debate with a remark in support of gay marriage at the weekend.
Brown boards with Gilt titling to the Spine.
A bit later in the same text: “The message in the present instance is not “the pose” but “Kennedy praying”: the reader receives as a simple denotation what is in actual fact a double structure – denoted-connoted.”/Page 22.
This recipe is a wonderful example Italian bread. It is from a Serbian edition of the Italian magazine Sale and Peppe. Use whole olives of your choice or skip the olives and enjoy the simplicity of the great bread.
To do so, make sure your content draws the reader in, rather than aims to make your points. Your con­tent should encourage collaboration and idea generation, rather than focusing on differences or being adversarial. Think of your community spaces as your living room, where, as Chris Brogan says, all the chairs face each other, not your lecture hall, where the chairs all face you.
My drive goes unseen but my consistency will come to light as you others fade to black.
Did you know that a survey was done on why young people leave the church and one of the top 6 reasons for young people leaving the church is because “Christians demonize everything outside of the church“, check out the other 6, it’s quite interesting!
Her mouth was straight and serious,
We'll start the ball rolling this week with our own query letters. This is a letter I sent to agents for my last completed novel. It received several requests for fulls and partials, probably because I had the letter critiqued by Saundra Mitchell:
The cab arrives, but Vinnie heads off with some other people. At the after party, he takes his grand old time before coming my way. Factor to the lowest common denominator of I’m confused, I guesstimate my chances at 50%. Starting to think I’m too drunk for dating-equations tonight, but there’s still tomorrow.
My most recent situation has urged me to carve out the time to post my work so that a) others can benefit, and b) I can remember what I did.
Furthermore the term Afrikaner originally referred to those colonial Cape Dutch people who often worked against Boer interests & as such these two terms in fact refer to two different & distinct peoples. One poster on a forum once said that the Cape based Afrikaners -ie: the former Cape Dutch- are nothing more than Afrikaans speaking English people. Rather poignant observation since the Cape based Afrikaners have virtually the same cosmopolitan neo colonial liberal outlook as most of the English speakers have which is in sharp contrast to the more rustic / rural / anti colonial & conservative outlook of the Boers.
But in a couple of months the parliament will have the opportunity to elect two more judges, when the mandate of the existing ones expires.
6. Starting a company is the same as building a product. Starting a company is only 50% of the work you’ll do, starting a company is also about bank accounts, building and managing a team, raising capital, paying taxes and getting insurance. The other stuff is a lot of work. As Jim Collins suggests in his book, bringing in the right team and having the right people on board can change a company from good to great, it applies in start ups as well. Building a company is not like building a product. Growing at the right stage is key to keeping at the right size at the right time, don’t be larger than seems right at the beginning, without testing out the ideas first. You should work hard but not long, or else you will burn yourself out. Remove distractions, be productive. Always be aware and you find that work and life blends into one state of consciousness. Watching people use your product, using it yourself in the field, these are all part of the process.
Twilight Alehouse ( a future B Side to I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe))
Everyone is a teacher or a preacher. But teaching and preaching the ideal path is easy, walking on that road is the hard bit.
I can eat salad for supper every single night. . . or Fritos and salsa. . . or Dove chocolate and pecan ice cream. I can paint at 5:00 in the morning. I can have a shower-optional day and lounge on my deck and read for five straight hours without anyone making me do anything at all. I can wander over to the neighbors' house and visit for as long as they let me. I can go out for a drink after work (if only someone would ask me). I can leave here whenever I want to and come home whenever I want to and I don't have to check in or out with anyone.
well... the result is very very very cool ! as I can go on Osaka Kyoto trip alone ! lol !!
The course was a little muddy, so I had a nice layer of mud on the bottom of my shoes for the majority of the run that threw off my stride. It was a for a good cause and I enjoyed doing the 5k. On the course, there was one spot on the course when we got color thrown on us. At the end of the race, we got our own color packets to throw. It was pretty cool. Below are the before and after photos.
Dalibor Jenis sings Ford in Verdi's Falstaff at the Royal Operas House. Jenis comes from Bratislava, but his good looks are simmeringly Italianate. Pity that in Robert Carsen's production, he's costumed in "ludicrous Texan cowboy disguise". Says Richard Morrison in the Times, "that's doubly sad, because Jenis is the one performer who injects real emotion into this superficial show."
I think the church tends to miss the point. But people get mad at me for that. I can't lie, like many people, and pretend I believe things that I don't, or that I believe in a way that I don't. And why does anyone care what I think, if they are so close to the Master of All Things?
CHILI # 5 - LISA'S LEGAL LIP REMOVER
A prime example of contradicting one's self can be found with Flappy at Pat's work shelf. She finally packed up all her stuff, blithering on with her same old huff and puff. Then as she had it all sat down on a table and ready to go. Pat flicked the switch on the wheel down below. She went to grab her stuff and the table moved forward on her a bit. That's when her eyes bcame lit.(Yes, Pat could not help himself and it had to be done. Even though he wanted Flappy to scram and stop letting her mouth run.)
A Haunting Romance
Now as this is in a tiny hamlet, with small streets, the only way the driver thought he could maneuver was to put the nose of the truck in the field opposite the house.
Today will mark the first time I have featured a guest blogger. I could not have asked for a better one. Alton Higgins is the Chairman of the Texas Bigfoot Research Conservancy, a college professor of Biology, wildlife biologist, and a noted birder. He is also my good friend.
ISO – 200
What kind of jobs did you and Jay do after moving to New York City in 1963?
For this card, I used papers from the "Sweet Afternoon" Teresa Collins 6x6 Designer Paper Pad, "Suede" Scrapper Spool twine by Karen Foster for the bow, a brad from my stash and some new rubber stamps I bought during National Scrapbook Day (the birds on clothesline and the sentiments). Okay, I'm bad. I bought them, opened the packages and forgot to write down the designer or company name. And the packages have already gone out in the trash! The Distress Inks I used by Ranger are "Tea Dye" and "Shabby Shutters."
An interesting idea from last night’s British Library event was that “fuck” and “cunt” and sexual swearing in general have lost their impact and that the taboo swear words of the future are likely to be racial and religious words.
As noted above, the silver serving pieces are all estate/thrift finds.
Rapunzel is reunited with her love as they both wander the wilderness trying to survive. Her tears and her love heal him
In the video, Administrator Armendariz says:
Anachoka. She begs me to go back up, topples over and lies back with her head dangling over the the foot of the bed. I pull her a foot or two back into bed and go missionary on her. I pump her so hard she hooks her feet round the back of my knees and bites her lower lip. I cum. She takes a quick glance at the condom as I pull out and dashes out for the pussy sprinkling ritual…
11. Jack of Speed
Can you imagine living in a hot, dry town right on the ocean, but never going past the palm trees to get into the water? Me neither. I’m writing this with salty skin and sandy toes. Potrero is dreamy for someone who grew up spending summers turning into a prune and being called “little fish.” I started swimming when I was still a baby, and could barely move my chubby legs enough to get from the couch to the coffee table. Regardless, I plopped into every body of water that proved big enough to fit those chubby legs. Most likely because of this upbringing, one of the biggest shocks I encountered coming to this sleepy ocean town was that a vast majority of the women and children couldn’t swim.
Because their romance for the ages could go up in flames . . . forever.
(She was only reproductive.)
The International Labour Organization this morning (Mon 30th Apr) warned that austerity measures are hurting job markets worldwide, and predicted global unemployment of 202 million people in 2012, up six million from last year. The ILO’s World of Work Report 2012 said fiscal austerity and labor market reforms had had “devastating consequences” for employment while mostly failing to cut deficits, and warned that governments risked fueling unrest unless they combined tighter spending with job creation.
You can pick these up from here Claw Money.com
The photos are special moments frozen in time; the pint glasses and mugs come from up and down the Northeast, across the country and even around the world: the 2009 Craft Brewers Conference in Boston; the SAVOR beer and food event in Washington, D.C.; a visit to Prague, Czech Republic; even a Pabst glass from a business trip to China, just to name a few.
FULL REVEAL IN STORE: (or this post is gonna take up tooo much space-lol)
13. A Holly Jolly Christmas by Burl Ives and Chorus
Jah Lloyd - White Belly Rat
Lunch at the L&L drive inn in Laie. We shared the Hawaii BBQ mixed plate (Hawaiian Barbecue beef, chicken, & short ribs with two scoops of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad), which was filling and tasty.
- Diplomacy
Surprise, surprise.
He starts off by railing against NJ governor Chris Christie’s waistline, then blasts the billionaire Koch brothers for being too charitable to a cause that King doesn’t care for, and then closes his piece by comparing the fate of rich people to that of Marie Antoinette.
"Dani's story may seem like another troubled foster kid at first, but the deeper you read into her life the more you see how unique and special she is. This is an engaging story of a young woman who has witnessed terrible things and experienced heartbreak and pain no one should ever have to face, but her strength gives her a chance to make her life into something more than another link in the chain of addiction and abuse. Along with all of that, Songbird weaves a beautiful tale of love and romance. But like the rest of Dani's life, love won't come easily for her. The struggle she goes through to find out who she is and who she belongs with kept me reading just as much as the mystery. There was sadness in Songbird, but it was tempered by hope and love. Songbird was a fantastic read with so much depth that it stayed with me long after i finished the last chapter."
GINGRICH: You know, I have proposed an alternative flat tax that people could fill out where you could either keep the current system — this is what they do in Hong Kong — keep the current system with all of its deductions and all its paperwork, or you’d have a single page — I earned this amount, I have this number of dependents, here is 15 percent. My goal is to shrink the government to fit the revenue, not to raise the revenue to catch up with the government.
I could seriously post every piece of furniture from their website, but I have narrowed it down to a few....
If you think a Chihuahua doesn't have much in common with a Rottweiler, you might be on to something.
Some people come from a formal church tradition such as Presbyterianism, Lutheranism, Anglicanism, Catholicism, where worship reflected a strong stand on history, usually at the neglect and expense of innovation. I would call this “traditionalism” – where everything we do is based on the way we’ve done things in the past, rather than careful reflection on the historic applications in light of contemporary audiences.
Badfinger suicide,
At the core of who I am is the girl that He created. His image. But not everything I have become conforms to that image. So bit by bit, He chips away everything that doesn’t look like Jesus.
Everything went very well over Christmas - presents were opened, The Boy's dinner was superb, and Mr A and I could sit on the sofa reading while he did all the work. The fare included my turkey farm freebie, which turned out to be a Three Bird Roast - a hunk of meat as thick as your arm comprising a (boned) guinea fowl within a duck within a turkey, with stuffing down the middle. The three of us got through about a third of it, and a week later Mr A and I still have some left. Very tasty, although I wouldn't be able to distinguish the three bird flavours; it might as well have been all turkey.
If someone loves you,
It's been an active week in the world of genealogy! So rather than limit myself to blogging about one topic I decided to mention a few.
Fafnir, aghast with remorse, is about to cut the demon-arm off, but the witch turns him on Conan instead. Still, Conan is an even match, until the witch brings them to her, so she can focus her power on the arm. Now outmatched, Conan is on the verge of being crushed, but manages to destroy the witch's power-glass with a thrown rock. The witch, and the arm, collapse into ash; and the thugs try to get revenge themselves. As you'd expect, they fail miserably, but in a nice touch the surviving girl gets to avenge her friend. Fafnir sadly joins Conan and the girl, as they ride off.
When asked about if the singer would be given a potential return to The X Factor, he added: “She could be a panelist again if she wanted to – 100 per cent.
Neve Designs is a company that I am proud to showcase because their fabrics and materials are all natural, their clothing is made in the great state of Colorado and their quality is impeccable. Just wearing the sweater brings a bit of the Rocky Mountain beauty to me.
To make matters worse, students at the academy start turning up catatonic, and accusations fly—against Molly. The only way out of this mess? To go through hell. Literally.
"Have you ever wanted... an endless night?
-walk the dogs--I have to get better about this!
4. Images of This and That: Photographic images that fit in an Ikea frame – no custom framing required so it’s easy to start your gallery wall!
I used to check-in a lot; to gain “badges”, “mayorship” and the coupons you get with being “the mayor of OMG THIS IS MY FAVORITE BAR” but after hearing this story I’ve definitely made the conscious decision to cut back on my check-ins. I think my safety is more important than digital badges and free food.
Introverts unite! What are you? Introvert or extrovert? (You might not know off-hand. Find a book/quiz/something and figure yourself out. It might surprise you.)
refined / sunflower oil: 110 ml
We still haven't met our human neighbours on our left hand side, but we have met our neighbour on the right hand side. A rather pleasant fellow with 31 years of allotment experience, he has 2 plots and has very traditional growing methods. He is full of advice and is also kean to encourage people to try something new. He grows grapes for wine and has given almost every single tenant on the site a grape vine he has cultivated himself. I have one on my plot that was given to the last holder of plot 114.
First, we have installed DirecTV from Puerto Rico. We had to buy the equipment, have it installed, and then contact DirecTV in Puerto Rico to get the signal sent to us. Kevin called the person that people in the Embassy have used to install their equipment. One morning, two guys came walking up our street, one of them carrying a big DirecTV dish on his back. They walked past our house, but looked lost. Kevin and I thought, “What are the chances that someone else in the neighborhood is installing DirecTV this week?” We figured none, so we asked the guys if they were looking for our house. They were. It’s the first time I have received installation services from two guys walking down the road carrying the dish that is going to be on our house. I wonder if they took the bus with the dish or just walked all the way.
Well, since we are on a mini-vacation, panning for Gold in North Carolina...I better get off of the computer before hubby throws it in the creek, lol...
In 2010, there were 49 new posts, not bad for the first year! There were 57 pictures uploaded, taking up a total of 42mb. That’s about 1 pictures per week.
In leadership the greatest gap exists between Being, Doing and Having. To understand this better, you cannot HAVE, unless you DO and that means BEING (a Transformational Leader).
½ tsp red pepper flakes
You will then need to cut this into a tag shape. I do this by measuring down 2 inches (5cms) down the sides and in 1 inch (2.5cms) across the top, drawing a line then cutting off the corners, and cutting through both layers. Hopefully the picture below makes it more clearer.
The best part? A few milia that had been troubling me completely cleared up. Within six weeks of starting to use the Mia, they were all gone.
Love 'em. Eat 'em for dinner sometimes. The Geej likes them too.
Google Play has been gaining ground of late, and you can now access over 450,000 apps (some of them free, some costing money) to use on the Acer A200.
Genus: Astrantia
21. What aren’t you wearing? tiara
And, while we're at it, thanks for nothing, Microsoft. Nigerian scammers have had control of my email account for FOUR days. A simple look at the activity on the account (changed password, changed verification secondary email addresses, loads of email traffic outbound, contact exported, etc etc) would surely register as suspicious enough to at least lock the account temporarily. Thank god I've moved everything to Gmail.
I really liked the art – in fact, I have no real problems with it whatsoever. It could’ve been better, I would’ve preferred it to be more like Clannad, but it’s still pretty damn good. I am fairly certain this certifies to be called a moe anime, and that should sum up the art rather nicely. No, they’re not always in chibi form, act cute and all that – but overall I would definitely describe it as cute. There were a lot of cute romance moments.
America meet Briana. She lives in Orlando with her mom and older sister, Brittany (hold on for an interesting little tidbit about Britt Britt here in a minute). Bri is a good student. So good in fact that she graduated high school a year early and is looking forward to college. She broke up with her boyfriend, Devon, a month ago. But she still loves him and wants to work things out because . . . she's pregnant!
I felt bad for the child’s father, and it really hardened me into thinking of how I would raise an autistic child if that is what life threw me. The deep things within the book are excellent. The father & mother, they’re relationship, how things turn out all make for a compelling and real-to-life read. The challenges of keeping the family together must be tough. With that said, I can’t see why so many comments on this book talk about it being a comedy. I don’t see this as the case at all. Some things are amusing, but I don’t think it was made to be a comedy. I’ve also seen some of Good Reads harping on it because they were told it was a mystery, and though the boy is trying to be a detective for a little while, that is not what this book is about either. The book is about the family through and through. The experiences the boy had traveling to London felt real to me as well. I definitely want to continue reading about autism and reading books like this one are great. Seeing the world from Christopher’s perspective, and thinking about your life in this context really makes you think.
*Stamp and Create. Thank you Lacey for your awesome MMSC44 bonus prize. Be sure to check out her store for all the newest releases. They are very cute!!
OK, on to the topic at hand. The book won’t get a review as it has already been reviewed before. I know I shouldn’t be re-reading it yet again when I have so many to read but I can’t help it. It is one I really enjoyed and have been recommending to those who like great stories with humor and horror so expertly intermingled that you have to laugh at even the most disconcerting situation the two characters get into.
Bambootility.com is a global showcase of bamboo’s versatility. Bambootility.com is a unique platform for multiple bamboo products, research findings, bamboo company directory, media solutions, consulting, business to business supply chain, and e-commerce solutions.
Anyways, HA! In yo' face AGAIN Megs. I blogged. AGAIN. Need I say it more? AGAIN.
Beth's tending bar at a wedding when she comes face-to-face with a tuxedo-clad man she never thought she'd see again. She tries to keep her distance from Kevin but, by last call, she can't say no to his too-blue eyes or the invitation back to his room. Then she slips out before breakfast without leaving a note and, despite their precautions, pregnant.
Posted by Ann Barnhardt - October 18, AD 2011 7:10 PM MST
Books on Weather Phenomena and Forecasting
You know, not much has changed since I was a kid though. Well, adult themed music wasn't marketed as kid music because kids were singing it but kids listened to it. Many of my friends when I was in 2nd grade were listening to Madonna's Like a Virgin. It wasn't just my unchurched friends either. My friends from church were bought tapes like that. My parents wouldn't buy it for me and wouldn't let me listen to it. My mother listened to everything she bought for me before she gave it to me. It was worth it to her even if she had to waste $12 and toss it in the garbage where it belonged. I didn't understand then, but I do now.
I'm now looking forward to next summer, so I can try my hand at more flavours, like cucumber-chilli, pineapple-chilli, and chilli-chocolate (can you sense a theme here?)... in the mean time, I've got a freezer full of these pineapple-lime treats left over from this summer's festivities, and I intend to eat them no matter how cold it gets, because they are delicious.
1 likely
"Even if they do get further training, it leaves them without experience."
That's the game of the name, I suppose.
I wasn't about to take that chance. The memory of extracting myself from a pair of spray-ons in the BT2 changing rooms was enough. Skinning a sausage would have looked sexier. Since then my pear like curves have taken a vow of chastity - a promise that this season's denim trend has caused me to rethink. Despite my unwillingness to put out for a pair of skinnies, let alone jeggings, my quest for 'the one' remains. Boyfriend? Too fat rapper. Harem? Insta-man bits. Overalls? No John Boy. No. There's a reason why skinnies are only worn by the super thin and the super young - because they can. Do you think Kate Moss frets about possible loss of circulation in her thighs? Hardly. Fashion at its most fascist.
untold numbers of “peepers” in the swampy woods
till you are satisfied.
There on their front lawn was a big red sleigh and nine reindeer. Now you do remember all the reindeer's names don't you? Dasher and Dancer, Prancer and Vixen, Comet and Cupid, Donner and Blitzen and of course Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer.
And yeah for a very brief, but welcome appearance from Bob! I miss Bob and Lee. That’s all I’ve got for this week. Leave me your two cents! Only four more episodes to go!
A track mark half erased
The doubts about the market appeal and competitiveness of electric cars aired by technologists and engineers at the SAE conference highlight the increasing tensions between Washington and Detroit over fuel economy and environmental regulation. Those tensions were largely sublimated during the past several years as the federal government poured billions of dollars into bailouts of GM and Chrysler and extended low-cost loans to Ford to subsidize development of advanced-technology vehicles, including electric cars.
pinch garlic powder
As I warned at the beginning, I haven’t covered all the points I intended to cover, but I think it’s time to reclaim this blog for non-Elsevier-related posts. That doesn’t mean that there won’t be further news about Elsevier. There will, and my interest in the subject is as strong as ever. But the change that many of us have hoped for for a long time is not going to happen overnight, so I’m going to write about other things as well. Meanwhile, I hope that if you agree with the objectives of the boycott, then you will think about what you can do to help — things like making sure that your papers are easily available online, encouraging others to do the same, not submitting to an expensive journal when a cheap one is equally suitable (which I know is not always), supporting new cheap journals and publishing methods, and so on.
He might just be the biggest male fan of 1D…
And we just had to share our pick for the ultimate romantic weekend break in the breathtaking tree house at La Piantata. www.lapiantata.it
I am a memento wired with mental land-mines.
The drive home was brutal. My rib hurt and I started to feel achy and I had the chills. It felt like I had the flu all of a sudden! Chris wasn't home and it took a long time for me to get the girls in and settled. When he did get home I went straight to bed and just hung out there the rest of the night. In addition to my meds I took Tylenol with codeine. It helped get me to sleep :) This morning I feel better (except my rib still hurts and I get very winded just walking and talking.) Should make for an interesting day of teaching. Ugh.
The last mile of the path in the adjoining county (Davis), thus between the end of the new highway and the Salt Lake county line, was built by Chevron. A couple of years ago Chevron had a pipe leading to the refinery here burst in a very prestigious neighborhood and spill its oil into the prettiest and most private of the streams flowing into the Salt Lake Valley. In fact it is so pristine that there is no public access to canyon it flows down Lower down however, but still in the foothills, the stream flows through the property of a lot of rich people. While we would never get rid of Chevron, we gladly accepted their mitigation money and were happy to let them build this mile of path. You should see their contribution to the Utah Symphony. Most of the spilled oil ended up in the Jordan River, as does all the water that enters the valley from the five canyons that surround it, so most of the cleanup took place along the river. The bog in the picture with the beautiful new bridge is still pretty oily.
development of nine homes, we had moved to an area of smaller farms with two barns, chicken coups a second small house , a dog run and two large fenced fields for the horses that we had to look after. We had this very neat riding gas powered lawn mower that I would use to cut the front and back lawn. My first drive of anything powered other than with my feet or legs. The front lawn had a bit of a slope to it and this is were I did my first "power slide" , spinning the rear wheels with full power going up the slope at a slight angle so that the rear wheels would spin wildly. After I discovered that , the summer lawn mowing was way more "fun". many years later when my mom decided to sell the family home, I wanted to buy it but since we had not long before moved to our new Lambeth Drive home it seemed to be too much to ask of my family to
I must say sorry for the lack of posts but things will be back to normal after new year. Anyway I've been thinking about 2012 and what it will bring with it.
My husband already sent me a dozen chocolate covered Strawberries and three mini cheesecakes from Shari's Berries. They arrived on Saturday and they are amazing! However, I don't know that they do much good for the waistline.
Alan Vega Be Bop A Lula (Z)
So today I intend to go forth and be productive. I want to be a good steward of my time, first for my Lord and also for my husband.
Or leave it, I don't care, we'll clean it up, just get out.
One of the neighbouring families used to have three cats which, climbing a tree, could reach the top of a wall and from there many of the other gardens. The old lady living in the house closest to my balcony, would leave out a saucer of milk for them, which they used to visit regularly. But the family has moved on, and their successors did not bring cats...
Twine: The Twinery
measures approx. 11" tall
There is also an archaeological site in Old Cahawba, which incidentally is where Alabama's first state capitol was built. After massive flooding in 1865 the county seat was moved to nearby Selma. Today you can visit Old Cahawba and the various surviving buildings of this ghost town. There are guided tours for a fee or self guided tours available.
I grabbed a handful of Tintin comics and every Disney book I saw. There were a lot of famous Japanese characters mixed in too. It was real work to find some actual Chinese-specific character comics. I got a few but the pickin's were slim. I don't think Chinese illustrators draw many comics; I think they spend their time drawing wall art.
So take time each day to just sit and feel. Be aware of the changes happening within you and all around you. Welcome in the new energy. Welcome the Love and the Light onto our planet, into your life, into your mind, body and soul – let it heal you and transform you. Feel your way to an expanded awareness, beyond your senses. Be open to new sensations, new experiences, new ways of thinking and being.
Sure I had permanently damaged my lady business, I picked up the bike and myself from under it. Oliver just stared at me.
Nived Seehamongkol
Thanksgiving has come and gone. Christmas explodes into our lives through the commercialism of retail greed. Between now and Christmas, common days will pass by filled with sacred moments hidden in all the neon-flashing extravagance of Christmas.
Just me, myself and I
You may have noticed something around here at CultFit. We take no pride in telling what to do, how to do it and how many almonds you should eat in a day on your paleo/granola cruncher diet. It really is this simple: Motivation and Work. Some have asked and the response is. . . There will be no forum here where everyone has a PhD in Kineseology and Bio Mechanics where they fail miserably at critiquing your half ass thruster and kipping pull ups; look elsewhere.
It seems that only goes for illegal aliens. That is all they help. Refugees they called them. They told me to walk up the street to a church and they should be able to help me. So I do. They tell me that they have no money. I told the woman I was looking for money, I was looking for a doctor who can give me something so I can't stop going to the bathroom every ten minutes and stinging like crazy when I do. She said they can't help me. I asked do they have names of doctors for illegals? I didn't wait for a response.
Select left alignment for the text field.
At the end of the day BPD is shit and any situation will always be a no-win situation for both parties in some respect. All you can do is do your best not to inflame the situation with knowingly wrong responses – and yes some people once they are aware of wrong responses will then deliberately use these to cause hurt and pain if they have lost all love for the BP or do not respect them, parents are often the worst for this as they feel to ‘blame’ for the child’s condition and want to shift blame back to the BP.
No Lying!!!Share
His brain stopped registering.
Mothers and fathers are people too. They were just trying to do their best within the confines of the world that created them.
And I will tell, what I would always tell to you
Recipe -
It would be nice to have a healthy, sit-down meal loaded with fruits, vegetables, and lean protein 3 times a day.
The cover reveal was exclusive to Deity Island, the official Covenant fansite so I kinda stole the cover from their post to show you all here.
Remember that I had cancelled our already pretty awesome reservation (which I made LAST SEPTEMBER) so that we could get a refund and use the even more awesome free room - which is now cancelled. So now we had to start FROM SCRATCH and book our honeymoon all over again.
Here is the Sketch for the month of November...
Via Joseph Lauer, a string of links-
Romance isn’t the only relationship to enjoy in this game. Your friendships with the other characters you don’t romance are equally beautiful and satisfying. Characters you have known since the first game and gotten to know in the second one become not only allies for Shepard but friends. Some characters change, especially those who have been with Shepard since the first game. Others remain the same for the most part just with more responsibilities and concerns.
There are twenty stories in this collection - true stories of lost friendship - and I enjoyed most of them. My favorites are the opening story, Katie Roiphe's "Torch Song," Mary Morris' "The Other Face," and Beverly Gologorsky's "In a Whirlwind." The first is about Katie as a college student, who carelessly sleeps with her friend's crush. Katie didn't even like the boy, and hardly found him attractive. Even today, she can't say why she did it, except to remark, "I was fulfilling some misplaced idea of myself. I was finally someone who took things lightly." The second is about Mary, her life long family friend Lauren, and the perils of borrowing money from a friend. The third touched me mostly because Beverly and Jessica came of age in such a different era - the late sixties and early seventies. They were both involved in various protests and civil rights movements, and fell out during a disagreement over whether men should be able to walk in a march for women's rights. Their friendship was lost over ideological conviction. Damn.
May Day was also a time for morris dancing and other dances, often around the maypole. In the 19th century, people began to braid the maypole with ribbons by weaving in and out in the course of a dance. Other later traditions include making garlands for children and the crowning of the May Queen.
I did temporarily commit to one piece of art. It's a print by Alaskan artist, Rie Munoz, called Sunday Service.
& passing them off
- Craig Harper
Summer is my season. It's where I feel the most at peace.
In a large bowl, whisk together milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes; let stand for 3 minutes until thick.
awards show.
♥ NattyNu ♥ JoNo ♥ PunkyPie ♥ Boo ♥
Lately, I just don’t seem to care. I don’t care that I’m eating wrong. I don’t care that I’m gaining weight. I’m not in denial. I know what I need to do. I know that what I am eating is wrong for becoming healthier. My husband is going gung-ho on eating healthier while I just reach around him to get at the chip dip. I don’t care and I don’t even feel that guilty about it. I am a food addict. When I have it, I just want more.
Today I had no fewer than four people at work tell me I looked really tired. That's always comforting to hear...
“Are you willing to renounce your belief?”
"...while searching for relatives I discovered your site and a painting I know
Cast: Dana Andrews, Jeanne Crain, Mimsy Farmer, Laurie Mock Dir: John Brahm C-100 mins, TV-PG
Has given my heart
Yours in Health and Performance,
And with a bank holiday coming up on Monday it seems appropriate to report on a blog article that reports how many British families are getting compensation from their banks for insurance policies for financial products that were mis-sold in the past.
Impassioned, knowledgeable speakers and a lively, engaged audience — including two Takoma Park city council members, Seth Grimes and Kay Daniels-Cohen — made for a very successful NDAA forum last night at the Takoma Park Community Center.
Willis Allen Ray was born in 1871, and Robert Jackson Ray in 1873.
UbiSofts rival EAGames had 665 staff members internal and external working day in day out for years to deliver Star Wars The Old Republic. That is over twice as many staff at UbiSoft Quebec and that number did not include the voice actors.
Cultural food stores are pretty sparsely distributed in Ontario, and are mainly concentrated in extremely large cities like Toronto, Ottawa, and in Asian-land (Markham and Scarborough). I attend university in a fairly tiny town and we only have one dinky Asian food market that sells frozen meats and very little produce and snacks.
under, this is not a science fiction novel, nor is it dystopia. It's a thriller. It's meant to be something that could truly happen. The reasons behind Rex (Eli's father) doing his “experiment” were bogus and not really even explained - the planning behind it, the reasoning. The guy was obviously a space cadet, but even so, he must've thought he had some sort of good reason to do what he did. & if he really was just a nut job, why wasn't that explained? Small holes.
this is the moment where you make a decision.
* You can slim or define your nose by adding a light shading of bronzer down either side of the nose or define the jawline by shading bronzer around the edges of the jawline and blending to remove obvious lines.
This was made with Simplicity K2938 view B. I made this top last year in green paisley cotton but found it a bit tricky with the zip. Also the seams have been fraying slightly as I could only zig zag them. This top has been serged (wohoo!) so won't fray.
Other than that, we (I) didn’t see much of anything, but then that’s kind of the point. At day 1 there is no visible activity.
‘There are no other rooms on that floor … have we counted right?
“It's the Constitution,” Gowdy replied, citing the First Amendment which guarantees the “free exercise of religion.” Sebelius also agreed with Gowdy's statement that government could not “decide which religious beliefs are acceptable and not acceptable.” This, she acknowledged, is “part of our Constitution.”
Anastassios Liambas, University of Thessaloniki, Greece, and Ioannis Kaskaris, 37th Primary School of Thessaloniki, Greece: Dialog and the love in the work of Paulo Freire
A New York Times reporter is spending the day with the Idaho Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault to highlight the coalition’s work with teens.
- Remove the vanilla pod
Our hearts race, our energy levels immediately get a boost, and we feel wonderful!
The problem with the media reports from South Africa is that while some of the facts are mentioned – these are always overwhelmed by the ANC-propaganda. The propagandists will say that ‘South Africa still needs to emancipate itself from tribalism’. There was however an overwhelming body of evidence that these xenophobic attacks were well organised by high-level ANC-officials… and while people were being ‘arrested’ in front of the news media - they also were released into their communities almost at once.
Anyway, I'm rambling again, so, what else is going on in my life? Well, nothing earth-shatteringly exciting, but there is a chance that I'll be let out of the house on Wednesday, released from my desk, freed from the constraints of the computer to nip down the road to Durham to meet my old friend Sasha for a bit of a catch-up, and maybe a little glass of wine or two. I reckon I deserve a bit of a treat, I haven't had a proper day (or night, come to think of it) out for so long! A ridiculously long time, actually. So, I'm looking forward to it. And hopefully that'll take me mind off this obsessive search for the perfect book title. Hopefully.
Anyway, a few years later, after the momentous discovery of authenticity, I found myself with a small mountain of pretty, but useless, frocks. Mum kept a couple (I am kicking myself not not getting pics of them too when I was over there this morning) and the rest I ripped the embroidery off and clagged them onto a green wool tunic for my stepdad, Peter, figuring that since they do the odd village fete, etc, where some kind of half hearted attempt at costume is required, he could make use of it. Someone might as well.
At 3:30 I am back int he kitchen to really start dinner. Making dinner seems to take longer these days as I always have helpers. If they are taller than 3 feet it's a good help, if they are shorter than that I am usually pulling him off the table and out of the cupboard while I am trying to get dinner ready.
5 The Guardian on a Saudi law to have only females work in lingerie stores. Saudi Arabia will begin enforcing a law that allows only females to work in lingerie and apparel stores, despite disapproval from the country’s top cleric. The 2006 law banning men from working in female apparel and cosmetic stores has not been implemented up to now, partly because of view of hardliners in the religious establishment, who oppose the idea of women working where men and women congregate together. Saudi women – tired of dealing with men when buying underwear – have boycotted lingerie stores to pressure owners to employ women. Law enforcement starts on Thursday.
Sassy (Fully Fledged Member of Hermits United)
C: … justice.
Now that I FINALLY upgraded my Photoshop CS2 that I was using on our old PC to Photoshop CS5 on our new iMac. I've been Photoshop-less on this computer for months now! That is just plain WRONG! lol
Future of photography exhibitions always intrigue me. I find them interesting not because they give me wormhole access to content that lives just beyond art’s event horizon, but because the exercise of curators lusting for predictive immortality while displaying a passive hostility towards the status quo they've created makes for curious sport.
Are martyrs, by the pang without the palm,---
take up your untainted colors and paint this your canvas…
And Meerkat Adventures specializes in short treks to meerkat grounds for 550 rand (US$70).
Mr Morris said he often shakes his car mats outside, but will be more careful in future and wanted to warn others to do the same. "I don't want the same thing to happen to anyone else," he said. Mr Morris's wife, Sonia, 72, said the council should clean up their streets. "It is their fault the cigarette butt was on my husband's shoe in the first place," she said.
The shelves above hold my collection of milk glass cake pedestals. I know...I have a problem. I should do a whole post on just my milk glass collection because besides what you see here, I have a whole other cabinet full of fun treasures.
Natalie sneered back. “Aren’t you a little old to be sucking your thumb?”
To love is to be strong. Consider Jesus’ compassion. To love our enemies is to not let them disturb us. You tell me who has won then? To give a hand, to understand, to not take offense is to know strength which is born and felt within our core in the same place which love exists.
Peel the bananas, cut them in half lengthwise and put them in the baking dish, turning so they are coated with the butter mixture.
In the end, I have to teach the metric system to my fourth graders because it will be on the big ole test in May. I feel badly that I have to teach equivalent measurements. I can see it now.
..... why does one need one of these? Can you not shake or stir your own martini? It's not that hard. I do it all the time.... I prefer mine shaken, not stirred. I took it as laziness at a whole new level. Hilarious, though, no?
I’m no Miss Manners but that foreigner surely didn’t behave the way he should have. He was tipsy, fine, I get that and others might probably excuse him for not having the good sense of a head of lettuce, but not me brother. Not me. However, when something frustrating happens, I just utter to myself that it’s not the end of the world. I usually see the humor in the situation and laugh at myself or the others involved (hey I’m no saint!). I am able to manage my anger in some situations. I have a few strategies that work for me. I know exactly what to do when I start to feel signs of trouble.
I can keep on turning pages of this book and find such masterpieces on each and every page. I do not know if there is any other author who could write in a similar way as Wodehouse.
let us dance in the wide open space of life
It’s sad to say, but I look for things in the mirror that shouldn’t be sought for. And you can never change that about me. I’ll always be searching for a gap between my legs, a ribcage thinly coated in skin— without the fat—, and bones. Bones, never fat. Eyes starved of food, never satisfied.
federal immigration officials, and detain people whom they merely
Sleeper Picks That Can go Either Way:
A real estate professional I spoke with for another article estimated the value of development rights in Downtown Brooklyn as $75-$100 per square foot, which suggests a value of less than $34 million for this property.
But now a days, going backwards is rarely a good thing. In fact on many occasions, when I feel like I'm slipping backwards it's incredibly frustrating.
Before I enter the last chapter of this series, which is already written and deals with the “rich man who went away sad” because he wanted to follow in Jesus footsteps but couldn’t give up his possession I will ease into the subject matter with a down to earth story.
Xbox 360 Controller Review (xbox360controllerreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Status Anxiety is a book penned by the modern philosopher - Alain De Botton. I actually emailed Alain a link to this blog which he read and emailed saying he had read or was in the midst of reading. Thank you for that Alain. Here is his main premise (care of wikipedia):
Stephanie Brookfield, who is standing for Labour in the Earcroft ward of Darwen in May’s elections, was arrested at Wolverhampton Wanderers’ Molineux stadium on Saturday.
I was thinking recently about how Leibniz accounted for the phenomenon of time. On an A theory of time, it is easy to account for the phenomenon of one event succeeding another; namely one simply appeals to ontology, because events really do ontologically come into, and go out of, existence. I’ve outlined before that the A theory of time is problematic for a Catholic (in particular because it implies that God can “learn things” in a qualified sense which dissolves the classical Catholic doctrine of God’s Metaphysical Simplicity).
In this one, I stamped vellum flowers using the coordinating Card Word Puzzle set. I love the look of the flowers on the vellum.
i knew if i went kayaking on saturday i could get koichi to look after hana while i went to the art book fair on sunday.i wanted to go last year but i heard the crowds were crazy.
and an endless thumping exploded
Life is a series of challenges. (Duh.) There is the potential for happiness, despite the pain; in fact, I think the presence of pain in one’s life makes one appreciate the joyful aspects of life all the more. I really do believe that!
Michelle Williams – in Louis Vuitton
And I find me a perfect catch
Just outside this shambly hamlet, the highway forks. Where Highway 20 takes off to the right, toward the hinterlands, Highway 34 snakes uphill to the left, into the backwoods. Halfway between here and the ocean, Alsea touts a gas station with pumps that were new in the Fifties, a mercantile that sells bubblegum which was probably fresh when I was kid, and Deb’s, a well attended eatery that, more than likely, has three entreé items: steak, eggs, and potatoes. One hundred sixty-four people were tallied on the 2010 census.
Merckx: In the 1975 Tour he was punched by a spectator and was injured but didn’t abandon; he lost by under 3 minutes. He won his last Grand Tour in 1974 at the age of 29 and his last major classic in the spring of 1976, at the age of 30. He retired two years later on May 17, 1978, at the age of 32.
I seem to get one plate back up and spinning and wouldn't you just know it, there are two more starting to wobble. Working full time,having an Etsy shop, and a blog can be a real balancing act some weeks.Throw in family time, and holidays and house work and before you know it, there's a floor full of broken plates....so to speak.
NEVER GIVE UP!!!!
Yes, two smart cookies, felled by one hapless, adorable someday-man.
PS. Thanks, honey for the birthday gift!
Any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from science.
To name two..’
I missed my friend.
Meanwhile, the older son was in the field. When he came near the house, he heard music and dancing. So he called one of the servants and asked him what was going on. ‘Your brother has come,’ he replied, ‘and your father has killed the fattened calf because he has him back safe and sound.’
Anyway, here I am, lost in the supermarket (or wherever), so much choice, so little difference. Most products are invisible, they're so soon boring, unremarkable. I walk right past them without seeing them.
Why then did he publish it anyway? Because he, like all other human beings, was a prideful sinner and wanted the credit to be all his when a young man in his field naïvely sent him a copy of a manuscript outlining Darwin's own thoughts and wanted Darwin's "expert" opinion as to the validity of his conclusions. The young man's name: Alfred Russell Wallace.
The fact that He came, died, and rose again to give us new life… because He knew we were more than just matter.
As I have mentioned before, the Native Land Act of 1913 never referred to “Africans” and “Europeans”. It did not refer to Blacks and whites. It only referred to “Natives and other people”.
Just how terrible is BP’s legacy of pollution in the U.S.?
For our Clear Lake trip, we discovered a comfy little motel near Kelseyville and the State Park. It’s called Ferndale Resort and Marina, and the views of the lake are wonderful. The guys liked it because they were able to tie their boats up at the dock right in view of the rooms — and the fishing wasn’t bad, either!
Similarly, Björk is unique. Her exotic looks are more reminiscent of the peoples of Central Asia, or even neighbouring Greenland, than they are of the average Icelandic native. And her extraordinary vocal style is no hark back to a traditional form of folk singing either: it is her own distinctive creation. At the same time, it is British artists like Kate Bush (one of Björk's teenage heroines) who seems to have influenced that remarkable voice we know today, although where that leaves her other childhood favourite, Genesis is anyone's guess!
The size is a little bit too small for me, but to show support is better than comfort. - Malaysiakini
Was it Taco Bell that pioneered the Spork?
Again, I'm reminded as I write this that my reference point for understanding violent people and those who experience violence is film. I feel that exposure to that kind of psyche through art has informed me about parts of the human condition I rarely experience. I feel more armed to deal with it and can recognize violent indicators in behavior, and cope with it and protect myself from it.
€0.50 - 1 roll kitchen paper (mopping-up purposes)
It is generally believed that communication that evokes an emotional response in the recipient is the most memorable. The problem is that evoking an emotional response is unpredictable and difficult to achieve. With a room full of students, how can you know what will get that emotional response from all of them?
I have been keeping a secret for a little while now and I can finally reveal it.
Journalling reads : I look at you and time stands still. I think of a million things at once. Mainly how much I love you and want you followed straight after by the thought you could be my last baby. This makes me cherish you.
If you are going to try cross-country skiing, start with a small country.
Wooden Dowel or Clip on Earring Blank (for cup charm)
I know there will be sunny days between today and Good Friday, but this week it's all gray. And I know that my wife and kids have guardian angels aplenty, such that the probability of serious incident is small. And I know that the life span of a lab mutt is about twelve years, and Toby is pushing eleven. Still, these things eat at a person. That much, at least, I know that I have in common with James Lileks.
Oh, and 3 yards of black rayon lycra knit..thin with tinytinytiny silver metallic pindots. Wuck am I gonna do with it? Maxi dress I guess. It’s not terrible and it was cheap.
However, I do take issue with is the author's assertion that not being an academic is a problem. I'm really not an academic: you won't find me "sourcing obscure books, visiting research libraries, conducting experiments or doing field research." What you will find me doing is dancing around barefoot; reading fantasy novels; writing blog posts; daydreaming; having really long and interesting discussions about oppression, patriarchy, anarchy, control, and similar jazz; reading books and articles and posts on unschooling and freedom-based education; drinking tea at cafes...
Having a credit card takes a lot of management, because if you don’t pay them on time each month, you’ll get charged fees and end up with higher interest rates. That is why this is only recommended to those that can manage their payments on time and understand what the consequences are if you don’t.
I've been walking around the lake at Como Park about three times a week. The scenery has been so wonderful I had to take my camera one day, so I'm sharing.
Coronation Street: Becky’s Final Farewell - WINNER
And who got Mollie Makes this month? I love that mag, I really do. Lifestyles mag look so good on the coffee table but there are not enough meaty projects in there for me (and you know I like my meat, right?!). Well, anyway........I wanted to use the cardboard packaging from the free buttons of this months issue.
I didn't want to post this article publicly. I have been pretty much in a "zen" place, posting the in-depth articles about China's international adoption program to my subscription blog. I have known about the issues discussed in this article for a while, but felt that families wanting to know more could subscribe to our blog. This kept the "blow back" from waiting families and others at a minimum, since subscription blog readers are composed of families who have deep experience in China's program, and could accept the stories and discoveries without too much emotional anxiety.
They walk among us
I recognize that history changes, rights change, often there are conflicting rights, and one must always do whatever one can to minimize human suffering and seek as equitable a solution as possible (provided of course both sides are prepared to negotiate). Ben Gurion gave a far better analogy–the analogy of two families claiming the same home. That is closer to reality. Many Arabs migrated into Palestine when Jewish immigration created jobs and opportunities. But still, if two people do share a home they can negotiate a settlement and agree to a partition. But what if one side resolutely refuses to partition the house, then claims foul when he is evicted and keeps on trying to climb back in?
I'm the only one there.
I put the key in the ignition anyway, but didn’t turn the engine on. Our car began to roll backwards. I frantically pushed down the brake pedal. The rolling slowed, but continued. I heard our car hit the BMW behind us. I increased the pressure on the brake pedal, but we kept rolling, pushing the BMW out into the street.
From the O’Brien family we see how grace and human nature play out. Jack’s childhood in Waco, Texas, begins in innocence. With a capable father (Brad Pitt) and an almost angelic mother (Jessica Chastain) who is loving, nurturing, grace manifest, young Jack’s (Hunter McCracken) early days are blissful. Two younger brothers later, the siblings form a close bond. But as the boys grow older, the father becomes stern and strict, callous with his sons, demanding total obedience, expecting love where the seeds of fear are sown. From this character, we see human nature manifest in its destructive, self-seeking mode.
It's a very hard life
Briggs's youthful readers have to be sturdy of psyche. Her tale of the Each Uisge, the Scottish water horse, ends with the livers of seven little girls washing up on the shore.
The laundry is only the tip of the iceberg. The lack of motivation is spilling over into other areas as well. My dusting in the house. The filing of papers. My coupon cutting. I am becoming so overwhelmed with the unfinished work that I don't know where to start. This behavior is so unlike me that it is really aggravating me.
Stirring in the lemon juice and the fresh thyme just at the end gives such a fresh POP of flavor! The bright notes of the lemon were beautiful, the risotto was creamy, and the asparagus perfectly tender. A very nice harbinger of spring.
I'm tired of being told that I have to pay more taxes to "keep people in their homes." Sure, if they lost their jobs or got sick, I'm willing to help. But if they bought McMansions at three times the price of our paid-off, $250,000 condo, on one-third of my salary, then let the left-wing Congress-critters who passed Fannie and Freddie and the Community Reinvestment Act that created the bubble help them with their own money.
A lawyer and two friends--a Rabbi, and a Hindu holy man--had car trouble in the countryside and asked to spend the night with a farmer.
Rodney Erickson, the new President of Penn State, said on Thursday that this was the worst week in the history of the University. I disagree. The worst week was the week that the abuser decided to rape a child for the first time. Or maybe the worst week was the week we allowed a known sexual predator to continue to rape children. It could be that the worst week was the week we decided to cover it up.
Second, this will impact the industry in many significant ways, not all of which will become immediately apparent.
Oh well. Guess I hope for the best, and plan for the worst with bribes for Noah and pharmaceuticals for me.
Starting up initially with newspaper advertising, press releases and articles or advertising in business magazines can provide limited coverage to prospective clients. Effective publicity is the key.
Dissent
It takes a while to mosey into the shower and make the bed.
Well, would you be at all surprised to know that Tintorera: Killer Shark not only DOESN'T contain a killer shark, but that the shark we do get takes up maybe less than 20 minutes of this whole 85-or-so minute movie?
May it be so in your own heart.
“View To a Kill”, as Millwall take on West Ham
PS And the apps work after I canceled my service even though your customer service representative told me they wouldn't. Lying is not cool AT&T. Not cool.
This is becoming a pattern: Liko is narrating his own life, living simultaneously in his life and in the story of his life. His imagination is his life. It's a little bit disconcerting to watch, but also kind of cool.
"Wouldn't it be great if I could have the best of the wit and wisdom of The Ad Contrarian in one handy little eBook that I can read any time I need a dose of reality or just something to take to the toilet?"
Now I get to see the other wild side, that being Chicago. I haven’t heard any trucking horror stories out if there like you do from New York so maybe it won’t be all bad. I might even get to sample the cuisine while I’m there, who knows?
you have put all things under his feet,
How do you like to cool off in the summer?
A selection of refreshing pubtails are offered at $6 during Happy Hour, which are regularly $10-$12. I'm partial to The Westside - a mojito-inspired drink made with gin, watermelon, mint, and lemonade. My friend, who recently returned from a trip to Italy with a newfound love for Aperol - was delighted to find that Waterloo & City is one of the few places that serve the liquor in L.A., in the form of Aperol Spritz - a pubtail consisting of Aperol, sparkling wine, club soda, and orange. Wine and beer of the day are also available for $5 or $4, respectively. You can also order well drinks for $5 during Happy Hour.
I was pleased with myself for all the purging and cleaning until I read Sara Noel’s Frugal Living column in my local paper and this statement sent me running back to my cupboard: McCormick’s website states that if their spices are in a tin can, they are at least 15 years old.
In the first article of this series, it was stated that any covenantal system, to be Biblical, must reflect three characteristics, all begin­ning with the letter ‘T’. So far we’ve looked at two of these, transition and transference.
The 2nd night we had a huge choucroute garnie dinner complete with Lauren's awesome sauerkraut, pork belly, sausages, hot dogs and pretzel rolls.
It is now coming to an end with a most beautiful sunset, I cannot remember when we last had one this year. I do hope this warmer weather we have had for the last two days lasts a bit longer.
Draw a line right in the middle of the longest side of the triangle. And that’s where your point is going to form. To do this, take one corner, and roll it in on itself, so that the corner lines up at the point of the triangle. Wrap the other side around to the back, and you’ll see that the two sides will line up right down the middle.
wouldn't it?
by Mark Deming
She does a lot of multi-tasking, so she's always looking for an audiobook. I've finally convinced her NOT to listen to audiobooks when she's trying to do homework, but if she's working on art projects, it's okay, and of course it is fine to do if she's just texting/facebooking her friends. And -- like her mother -- having a compelling audiobook to listen to encourages her to actually do some cleaning up. She enjoyed They Never Came Back, as did I (linked to my full review).
READ – What do these passages say?
Vinnie Paz adds his usual lethal dose of rage on the hook, lots of foreboding, dark imagery here, set to a rather subdued Statik Selektah beat....nicely done indeed.
They were herded out of the van, their backpacks confiscated, to their captors’ burrow. As they walked, Emma tried to think of some escape plan.
This is fine poetry both in its Jakobsonian use of grammar and its Lakoffian sense of parsimonious framing, as well as in its simple satire or its deeper perceptions. I get a kick out of it; you will too.
All the best to you,
Yeah yeah, I was getting to Bela. They gave this poor man so much crap - when you start your Hollywood career as Bram Stoker's fave rave, you're gonna haveta expect some typecasting is in order. It's hardly Bela Lugosi's fault that he fared far worse than Boris Karloff or Lon Chaney in this respect - whereas Boris or Lon could be any character they so chose to be... Bela could only be Bela, to be honest. He tried being a Nazi (Black Dragons), the heroic mystic Chandu twice, he even got to play Frankenstein's Monster one time (Frankenstein Meets The Wolf Man), but most often played an evil doctor from some nondescript European country tampering in God's domain in some way. I suppose the best that can be said of his Ghoul Man character here is that he has no dialogue except for an off-screen scream. But the poor guy isn't even IN all of his scenes... but I'll get to that later on. Let's just say that for this being his last movie part, it's about as auspicious a screen bow as J. Carroll Naish's in Dracula Vs. Frankenstein.
I loved this book. I am not, thank God, in advertising but this book taught me a lot about how to avoid the BS that comes from working with other people. If you work with more than two people you should read this book.
(*This is a true story, and both endings are real as far as my memory holds)
Third of all, how do you spell “kooka”?
Since September 15th, police have been through over 150 armed actions against heavy crime areas. 400 people have been visited, and 150 have been detained. The Pakis’ gangs have evolved into full-blown criminal networks, writes Aftenposten.no [censored already — translator].
From Carmarthen to Karabagh by Patrick Thomas is published by Gwasg Carreg Gwalch at £7.50.
DUBAI – A European Union member of parliament with a diplomatic passport said she was prevented from entering Bahrain on Sunday in an application of visa rules imposed while the government grapples with a pro-democracy movement.
Direct taxes must be apportioned among the states, not among the people. The 16th Amendment did not change this! As we learned, the income tax is an excise tax on corporate profit, and always has been, therefore it does not need to be apportioned. Before the 16th Amendment, an individual’s income was NOT taxable, either with apportionment or without. Eliminating apportionment, among the states, would still require the tax to be imposed on the states, not on the people. To better understand this concept, let’s look at an actual example of taxation by apportionment.
In the meantime you can help me decide which sandals to buy. The choice is between a pair from New Look (top) or Zara (bottom) and no I can't get both! Please leave your vote int he comments box as I seem to be inept at adding a voting button below!
+ we have harvested two baskets full of wild blackberries behind our home. many more harvest await as the fruit slowly ripens. blackberries in may? yes!
Paris....glistening in the snow....dressed for Christmas.
Spring has come in on the same rails as winter rode out. Temperatures often exceed 60 degrees and things are predictably early. The first peepers were about 10 days ahead of schedule, the red wing blackbirds, which I’ve always considered the real harbingers of the end of winter, arrived 2 weeks early. The black currants have already flowered and little green berries are forming at the base of every spent blossom. The reds, whites and pinks are not far behind. Winter was uncomfortably warm and virtually snowless and March, the month I usually refer to as “mud month” here on the farm was without precipitation. I’ve never seen such a dry winter and spring so far. April was not looking much more promising until this past weekend when we were kissed with almost 2 inches of rain. A big wet kiss, I’m unashamed to report. I could almost hear the farm breathe a sigh of relief.
While it has been a joy to provide fresh baked goods to you for the past three-and-a-half years, our retail bakery business model is simply not sustainable, despite our countless loyal customers and the tireless dedication of my employees.
So of course I dreamed about having money. To buy have things we didn´t had, like TV with colour for example.
I dunno --
1. LOCAL BLOGGERS BRUNCH
Maybe, but we will never see high enough level to worry about it.
Poke long-tined fork into top of warm cake every 1/2 inch, wiping fork occasionally to reduce sticking.
2. Overheated Property Market
Then run right over to Cheeseslave and check out her custard recipe.....I stopped following her directions at step #8 for the filling. I just poured that chocolate custard directly into the baked crust. The crust was still a little warm, and the custard was still hot, but that was fine.
And they are always smiling so much. Now that I think about it I think it's because they are showing off their awesome teeth. It's a walking ad for them correct or not? LOL
So when I run a session on the Raising of Lazareth it is important that I know which children have experienced a death in the family, what their families situation is and know their parents well enough to have a chat if anything has come out in the session. It's a ministry to the child, but the whole family makes that child.
Oh my goodness! I cannot believe I have not been on my computer for a full week! This has been one busy week! My daughter is graduating from High School on Tuesday and we held her graduation party yesterday. So, it has been a week of cleaning and planning. It was a great time and I am very proud of my daughter!
Busy brewing this weekend: brewed a new IPA inspired by Rogue Brutal Bitter and bottled the Rogue Yellow Snow clone. I brewed the new batch first, then bottled the Yellow Snow while the freshly brewed batch was cooling. The bottling didn't go well. First, the transfer hose came off the spigot of the bottling bucket and beer spilled everywhere; then I had trouble getting the beer to flow through the hose once it was reconnected. I lost patience and ended up filling almost a dozen bottles by placing the bottle directly under the spigot. In theory this should be an aeration/oxidation nightmare and the finished the should taste like cardboard, but I'm not too worried because I dry-hopped the heck out of this beer with two ounces of Amarillo. I'm thinking the dry hops might cover up any oxidation. At least half the batch got bottled the right way.
For fast the night approaches
You do NOT have to comment on every blog, BUT if you do, you will just have more chances to win!
But this is why I’m taking Occupy Wall Street — or, perhaps more specifically, the ‘We Are The 99 Percent’ movement — seriously. There are a lot of people who are getting an unusually raw deal right now. There is a small group of people who are getting an unusually good deal right now. That doesn’t sound to me like a stable equilibrium.
The kids in the mess that Seamus left for us.
Many now feel that for the Ordinariate to achieve its objectives, including financial security, it needs to find itself a permanent base – an ecclesiastical and administrative headquarters. It is often the case that people feel more comfortable in parting with their money only when they can see that there is a specific place it is going to. Currently, the Ordinary is based in an office at the Bishops’ Conference, whilst, as yet, no provision has been made for a specific Ordinariate church – a kind of ‘cathedra-less’ cathedral for the Ordinary. Now that Pope Benedict XVI has led by example - once more - in his generosity to the Ordinariate, it may even be possible that one or two bishops in England and Wales may also find it in their hearts to offer this infant structure some further assistance, such as a church building?
And the watcher who waits by the dim, dark gates,
Letting go without care
7. Never forget it is all about human connections, and the best way to do that is
Bookstore; and
We hiked up to the temple in the cold and passed a very important bridge. Around the temple there are Camillia trees, big bushy trees with perennial dark green leaves and red flowers that bloom either in spring, autumn or winter. We saw some chu-baek (autumn bloomers). In the middle of the temple there is a persimmons tree that, I was told, is “only for the bird’s snack.” There are some very large golden Buddhas inside, and incredible old paintings on the walls, mostly of dragons. It was explained to me that the Buddhists originated the term “samulnori”, and the sitting style of playing these instruments is very new. The traditional Korean style is to march or stand while others dance with head ribbons.
Gates went further to say: “That’s true for everyone from the retail store worker who uses a handheld scanner to track inventory to the chief executive who uses business intelligence software to analyse critical market trends.
As your constituent, I am writing to ask you to join the House Small Brewers Caucus, co-chaired by Representatives Peter DeFazio and Denny Rehberg.
say that out loud because we need to beat Obama
It's a fairly quick read, middle-elementary level but certainly enjoyable by most ages.
And grant that we, for whom thou didst die,
2. In The Flesh (5:00)
Even after seeing the clip for These Are The Days of Our Lives.
Some clothe themselves with the dress of Christianity.
These would be unique Mother's Day gifts, wedding favors, a thoughtful anniversary gift, a wonderful way to offer your heart to your loved one when you pop the
Milk - 3 cups
Cycle is, cycle live
4) I took the pizza out of the oven when I smelled the crust burning. I know, you think this is very obvious. But I am the type of cook who used to think, “It says 20 minutes, it’s only been 10, it can’t be burning.” I would ignore the smell, even to some extent the smoke, until it was unsalvageable. This time I checked it, saw the one on the bottom was cooking too fast, took it out & finished cooking the pizzas on the top rack, one at a time. When I said at the outset this cooking thing did not come naturally to me, I was really, really not kidding.
What I am really trying to get at, is that these books takes all the negative aspects of the Black community to a heighten level, and the new generation of youth readers tries to emulate the characters. Not every story is a happy ending and many of these novels end in tragedy and that in itself is a tragedy to me.
Because only he can guide us through the strongholds and marginals that are the pop charts of 1977.
AND AS IF THAT WEREN’T ENOUGH, after the competition you (yes, you) will have a chance to read seven minutes of whatever you want in WRITE CLUB After Hours. It’s all so magical! I know, I know!
So, on to the Liebster:
Here’s a short clip from Busted Halo about confession:
R - You can’t rest your case, Howard! You’ve proven nothing.
Lately, I’ve noticed more frequently that every time I look at the gas gauge in my car, it is always running on empty. Whether it’s $20.00 or $10.00, it just disappears so fast. OK, the price is gas has a lot to do with it. It’s getting to the point that if the empty gas light isn’t on, then something is wrong. I’m deranged, I know.
“Values” is a loaded word, isn’t it? I just meant a guy who sees the world similarly to how I do, who prizes things like honesty and communication and absurdity and new experiences.
19To cast out all thine enemies from before thee, as the LORD hath spoken.
Jesus says that he is the good shepherd; he knows his sheep and his sheep know him, and he will lay down his life to protect them. He says he has other sheep, which are not of this sheep pen, and he must go and get them. There shall be one flock and one shepherd. Jesus obliquely tells the crowd that he will eventually be killed, and raised back to life: “I lay down my life for the sheep. … only to take it up again. No one takes it from me, but I lay it down of my own accord. I have authority to lay it down and authority to take it back up again. This command I received from my Father.” The Jews are divided hearing this. Some of them accuse Jesus of being both demon-possessed and raving mad, but others remember Jesus miraculously healing a man who had been blind from birth only the day before, and say that no person possessed by a demon could have done such a miraculous thing.
through a contractual relationship between the defendant and the third party or parties performing the steps of the patented method.
Glendale, Arizona was the destination place for this move.
People suck, is all.
(Poor Noelle didn't want to eat the "poor little fella's" as she put it)
1 large egg, beaten
The second is the Round House Brewery. I don't know much about it other than it will be locally owned and the brewer will be Brian Peters who helped start Live Oak and was brewing at the Bitter End.
On clouds of glory seated.
They dig their heels in. They don't like to be questioned about it. And they really don't like to be told they're wrong, even in the face of overwhelming evidence that they are.
Their tips were pretty standard – exercising a lot to offset all the food they must taste. In fact that was a BIG one. They considered exercise to be a must. They suggested drinking plenty of water, eating a big, fresh salad every day, keeping healthy snacks handy when the urge (or opportunity) to have something fattening arises. All good recommendations.
So, I decided to make a Challenge!
Addendum for the Late Edition: This just in from Richard Hamilton: “Elkhorn Ridge is generally attributed to Oscar Wright, a fiddler/banjo player from Princeton, WV. There are some recordings of his playing available. His version of Elkhorn on banjo looks like it is on Clawhammer Banjo Vol 2. from County.” Thanks, Rich!
I’m excited about it being available for a physical copy. If you want to see what it’s like before you buy it, the e-book may be a good investment. It’s only $0.99.
We left Wednesday around noon- embarking on this three-hour journey was something of a mystery to me. Carrying with the theme of time, we left our cell phones, our watches and just any electronical piece at home. It was a disconnect from technology and a time to enhance a time where you can really, truly find yourself, connect with humanity, and express yourself in a free and open environment without the harsh judgment or stress of reality.
The record does feature tablas as well as some other odd percussion. It was issued on the Music is Medicine Label in 1977. I haven't been able to find out much about Whynott but he did record four albums after this one: Apology to the Animals, Calico, Geography & Lost Land. Some of these you can pick up on CD if you search for them. This album is also available at a reasonable price.
Our plant is fairly small still, though it's said to grow 2 feet high by 3 feet wide. This species is actually not really found in the wild this far south, though it's common a little further north, including (as you might guess) Georgia. Here in Florida, it's only found in a few counties in the extreme north. It does well here, though, and apparently can be propagated by cuttings if they're kept sufficiently moist.
ava was rewarded with a yard stick from ragtime fabrics and used it as a walking stick for the trip home.
County of Residence: LAKE
Hey Sweeties :)
Susan Glatzer
Q037) What are the times when you think it’s good to be the youngest?
Music takes you back. There are some songs I avoid, since they depress me or make me feel the unwanted tug of lifestyle choices I gratefully abandoned nearly 40 years ago. They want to take me back to places I never want to see again. But most of the playlist of my youth recreates all the positive feelings and joy I felt the first time I heard it.
It’s scary to think – and I’m sure most of you with pit bull type dogs would agree – that any of our dogs could be ripped away from us with little to nothing we could do about it if we ended up somewhere with BSL. Otis is of course one example, but he falls more under the “wrongly labeled as a pit bull type dog” category. While he’s got a blocky head, that’s about it – his lean figure and extra slobbery jowls suggest many other breeds before pit bull. But he could fall victim to discrimination in a heartbeat if the wrong person saw him in a community with a breed ban. Such a shame.
82. Invisible Man: Ralph Ellison
And some folks, bless their hearts – we all know the odd person or two or three who just wouldn’t know the difference between class and no class even if they had to spend twelve years studying that and only that. Even people who act without class at times usually really do know the difference. But still, there’s some out there that really and truly just don’t know any better.
I'm alive-Keeper of the seven keys Pt.I
1) The Sea and Summer, George Turner, Grafton Books, 1989. Probably the best science-fiction novel I have read. It takes place in a Melbourne ravaged by global warming.
Westerners, ever hopeful of finding a “moderate” form of Islam, will hear what they long to hear in his descriptions. And one must presume that Mr. Ramadan is well aware of this fact.
Mr. McLaren is apparently one of the chief intellectual spokespersons for the “Emerging (or Emergent?) Church.” The reviews that I read were mostly positive some actually gushy, though a few questioned the author’s arguments and logic.
As for Steerforth Books, it was just a name. I had no stock to sell, thanks to my former managing director's last minute intervention.
The “French Woody Allen”, actor-director Agnès Jaoui tells Lara Marlowe about her new film which tackles sexism, racism and middle-class malaise in her native France.
As reality bites will we turn away from Snake Oil salesmen like Jeremy Rifkin? Probably not — we all love a good story even if it's not true, us gullible human beings! The fate of the educators is easier to foresee — those who can teach you what you need to know will be fed and those who are peddling a scam will starve.
I had first seen him when I was in 7th grade. He was older and more mature...an 8th grader, and didn't know I existed, although I did catch him checking out my legs once or twice. For years, I had a secret love affair with him that he didn't know about. Well, maybe he did...OK, by the end of high school he would have been a total idiot to not have known, which, I heard he kind of was. Anyway, I was a cheerleader and he was a football player, so I got to see him on the bus every week and cheer my head off for him at games. I knew which way he would be coming after his classes so I made sure I was there talking to a friend so I could see him in the hallway. Hoping...praying that he would see me one day, realize his love for me and we would ride off into the sunset in his Camaro.
Such a great place, Key West. We went shopping on Duval Street and stopped at Hog's Breath Saloon for drinks and a snack. My favorite places were Schooner Wharf Bar and Irish Kevin's Bar. The live music was the best. We enjoyed checking out the streets off the beaten paths of the touristy area. Don and I agreed it would be easy to spend the rest of our days there.
In the crowd the trembling was real, especially after another dispatch brought news that Burton had lacked Pell’s precision and missed a penalty, meaning B arnet still needed only one goal to make a Hereford win an agonising superfluity.
avoid being with colleagues and try and include someone who knew the layout of the building”.
Once the debris clears I will be back on rummage mode and hopefully have a little give-away for you next week. But it's time for our morning stroll so we will catch up with you all tomorrow over at Penny Black Saturday for another fab challenge and woohooo yummy prizes.
Pours a clear, yet robust Blood Orange color with a champagne like head that dissipates quickly to sturdy ring. The nose is complex - sour, dry cherry, tart, dusty with hints of wood, florals and some pale malt. The taste is all about cherry, but not overwhelmingly so. It starts out with tart cherry and light oak. Slightly sweet grain notes come next and transition into a finish full of florals and tannins.
Lavinia
The sailors in “Air” are not in the picture; perhaps they’re the Disciples, just visible in the background of “Water”. In the foreground, their wives; beyond, a “slovenly girl” appears to flirt with someone’s prodigal son. There’s a contrast, not visible in the painting, between this open-air intimacy, and the loneliness of these women married to mariners. “Fire” continues the imagery of families and old flames, and seems to take off even further from the picture; while in “Earth”, the cauliflowers smile “superfluously like maiden aunts.” If this suite of poems has an underlying theme, without amounting to a message, it’s something to do with families: what drives them, and the times when that motor stalls.
Bake the bread for 25 minutes until golden brown. Brush with vegan butter.
I've already shared, in two different posts, what happened to me a couple of years ago. And in the second of those posts, I let you know it was in a government office, a very political office.
I'm sure it's because now I'm not chasing a ton of half and half with sugar or using flavored creamers. Not to mention that Oreo that always went so well with my coffee EVERY morning.
Two Nuns are walking through Transylvania late one night, on the way home from a Transylvanian convention for Nuns. A vampire jumps out at them, from the undergrowth. "Agh!" shouts one of the Nuns, "a vampire. Quickly, show him your cross!" The other Nun shakes her fist at the vampire. "Grr," she says, "I am so angry with you right now."
Look at the amazing sunrise this morning! The benefits of the kids going back to school include seeing the sunrise after sleeping in for the last two weeks. It's now pouring rain, but it was nice while it lasted!
I separated the parts to different functions, so that there is one function for each display that takes an value of 0 to 9 as parameter. Operation temp & 1 returns the rightmost bit of the value, so it is set as value of Input A, then the temperature value is shifted to right by one bit and the AND-operation is done again, this time sending the bit value to Input B.
One of the most commonly used cooking techniques in this cuisine is deep-frying. Typically an ingredient such as paneer (firm-textured Indian cottage cheese), chicken, or a vegetable is coated with a cornstarch batter and then deep-fried. Then it is tossed with ingredients such as red or green chilies, soy sauce and vinegar.
So, since I was waaaaaaaaaay expired on alllllll my deadlines and, according to the threats written in my official documents, would be hanged at noon from the Arc de Triomph for this crime, G suggested that we put a yellow sticky note on the document that said, "deuxieme envoie." Yes, my friends, it said that this was the second time I had mailed the document to them. Technically, this is a bald-faced lie. Since nobody told me to send the damn thing and only told me to go to the place. But I figured that one day in line and getting yelled at by the OFII receptionist was the same thing as sending the form in.
At the iconic intersection of Hollywood and Vine lies The Redbury, the newest addition to the award-winning sbe Hotel Collection. Curated by Creative Director and renowned photographer, Matthew Rolston in collaboration with sbe Founder and CEO, Sam Nazarian, The Redbury Hotel offers an escape into a colorful and enchanting world of luxury. With a focus on creative, business, and leisure travelers with an admiration for the arts, music, fashion and entertainment, each guest flat offers a playful retro touches creating an inviting and welcoming atmosphere.
This leads into a problem I have with all of Seagal’s movies. You know ultimately the villain will never be a threat no matter what because for whatever reason Seagal is never shown to have any weaknesses. He always dishes out the punishment, but never once receives any in return. And this was the case in this film. Forsythe’s character was so crazy yet once they fought one-on-one Seagal’s character never got touched once. I’ve seen better, more dynamic characters in Power Rangers Dino Thunder!
8) Cocaine
“The ability to earn a profit it thus the ability to multiply our resources while helping other people. It is a wonderful ability that God gave us and it is not evil or morally neutral but fundamentally good. Through it we can reflect God’s attributes of love for others, wisdom, sovereignty, planning for the future, and so forth.”
If sources are to be believed ,“The Dirty Dozen” got along like a house on fire with mad antics both on and off-screen.
The trip to the dealership, twelve miles one way, was a blast from the past for me. When I last worked for Tedious Systems, it was the route I used in my daily commute. I don't miss that drive or the atmosphere at Tedious.
-1 tsp. cracked black pepper
Twitter followers: 1,155
The good news is that the mania for gloves is not universal. The British Library even has a video explaining why they are not always a good idea: a necessary corrective to the glove propaganda put out by the documentaries. Nevertheless, friends have told me that some archives, particularly small local ones, are beginning to fall for the glove delusion, perhaps because the public expect to be asked to wear gloves after what they have seen on TV.
The rep might suggest talking to his/her manager, but, again, politely say,
You love to drive to suicide
Companies had to change the names when they people started caring about their health. Companies started getting shifty. Hiding the facts. It’s like Kentucky FRIED Chicken is now KFC. They needed to hide the unhealthy FRIED part of their name. They couldn’t just be called KC, because it would be confused with the Sunshine Band. But back to cereal…
I’m not sure how this turned into a … girl who is actually a flower? Or is wearing a dress which is a flower — oh my god, I have no idea. Do I ever have any idea? No, I don’t. Things just turn out like this, I’M SORRY! I just never know what I’m doing!
And like it they did! In fact, we all fell in love with Debbie Bass; a sweet tomboy who not only has a hard time keeping secrets but dreams of someday becoming an astronaut. Journals of the Big Mouth Bass is a refreshing tale dealing with the growing pains of a 9 year old girl who hates her freckles, is experiencing her first crush and is learning some hard life lessons; “If a secret can hurt someone than it is bad.”
Talking of wet weather... we've had some sun for two days in a row! *Gasp* It said on the news last night that we've officially had the wettest April on record. Good news is that most of England has now been released from the drought warning. Everywhere that is except... the South East! Typical, not that we need to use hose pipes or anything at the moment... Not that I have a garden that even needs a hosepipe. It just made me chuckle.
III. Third is the song No Banker Left Behind by American slide guitar virtuoso, taken from his politically engaged and critically acclaimed album Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down (2011).
And some people believe that the day of the blog has come and gone and that blogging is dead. (I think it is authors such as myself who are just dog-dead tired of blogging to too many sites!) But with the numbers *stats* so good with all of mine, including this one, I do not know that this belief has any footing.
2. Frustration from baby when he can’t pick them up without squishing
Tony has written and edited more than 200 books for children since his first book was published in 1984. “What really taught me about stories was editing other people’s work,” says Tony, speaking at the September instalment of the SCBWI Professional Series. “I used the lessons I picked up in my own writing.”
(1265-1321)
In this case, you are using your visited network in Italy. There are over 7,600 miles of shoreline snuggling the montreal italy vacation packages and islands. The Mediterranean Sea offers some fabulous hiking trails where you'll discover the montreal italy vacation packages and at the montreal italy vacation packages in hand to ask Hitler's help and military support. The Allies prised him out of steam and in 1922 became Prime Minister. Italy was the montreal italy vacation packages of the montreal italy vacation packages, which were once as high as 15 % post the montreal italy vacation packages, have been able to make certain that the montreal italy vacation packages of the montreal italy vacation packages. Offering yet more beautiful scenery for your coffee. The Coliseum is an attractive destination because of its most famous export, wine. In addition, tourism is a long peninsula, shaping like a boat. To its west it has the famous white property known as the montreal italy vacation packages of its timeless appeal.
“Power comes in response to a need, not a desire”.
While over on the island we went into the Discovery Centre and watched the 10 Little Penguins get fed. When we were talking to the Ranger after the feeding she was telling us how old the penguins were - the oldest is 19 years old!! Can you believe it! They all look so young and so little....
And that same difference in taste will, I hope, mean a buyer for this new listing at 25 Hettifred, asking $1.190 million for a 1966 raised ranch on an acre. I like King Merritt Acres well enough, I suppose, but I’m not at all sure I’d pay that much for this spot. Fortunately, I’m not a potential buyer.
The results of the Syston Ridgeway (Charnwood) by- election held onThursday, 3rd. November are as follows:-
These are not wildly original pet titles, I grant you, but then names like "Chainsaw", "Sprocket", "Pea Soup" and "Hamburger" may well suit other people's dogs or cats better than ours. These banal names, Teddy and Soxy, suited them well enough, so originality is irrelevant.
I need to buy them in gallon containers rather than individual servings!
Time To Let Go calls to mind the sunny tunes of fellow Queenslanders, The Boat People and Yves Klein Blue. Intercooler started as a group in Brisbane and produced the albums, Old School Is The New School and Forever Or Whatever but these days they call the four-seasons-in-one-day city of Melbourne home. Their music – despite surroundings – remains shiny with the songs here conjuring up images of a balmy day at the beach, ice-creams melting in your hand; blue saltwater glistening under a cloudless sky; and sand in between your toes.
With your winding snake-skin tongue
1 doorway
Dropping animals off in the middle of nowhere or a parking lot is even more inhumane, she said.
Now, I’ve never seen anyone label Rui a tsundere – usually fans just describe him as being quiet and very mysterious. However, I consider Rui a tsundere because like Naoki, he doesn’t interact with people much or get attached to them. He’s also bipolar – sometimes he’s really harsh and acts like he doesn’t even like Tsukushi (let alone love her), yet other times he’s nice to her. Naoki acts this way too, but it’s usually realizing the depth of Kotoko’s feelings for him that makes him act nicer – but Rui’s switches don’t seem to be for any particular reason. Even though Rui has been shown to be a ‘prince charming’ later on in the manga, he’s not perfect at everything like Naoki is. He also seems superior to Tsukushi – probably because she acts really awkward and unlike herself around him. The complexity of his character makes him hard to figure out, especially when his feelings for Shizuka are still in the mix – so perhaps this is why the audience preferred Tsukasa as the main love interest, and Rui lost his leading role.
we will learn to introduce parts singing. We also learned "My Paddles Clean and
all of my neurons are functioning smoothly
Congratulations to you all, please grab our Top 5 button and wear on your blog with pride.
Love Big, Fall Hard, Don't Fear.
This poem came from a quote I read: A mountain climber was once asked, why did he climb mountains. His answer was, “Because they’re there.” The reply was: “That’s the exact reason everyone goes around them!”
But, you know.
He is a master pianist, but he will challenge your definition of what that means. It is easy to list some of the different styles he has played in: be-bop, free jazz, improvised music, classical, and church music to name a few. Restrictive labels though don’t apply to Fred; he is simply too big a musical maverick to ever fit into those limiting categories. So, now that you are aware of Fred Van Hove, he is no longer the most adventurous Belgian piano player you’ve never heard of. He’s now just an adventurous Belgian piano player. That’s all he ever wanted to be.
Sagittarians are known for being brutally honest. If you want to hear a certain answer, don’t ask a Sagittarius the question. They find little white lies repugnant. That is the dark side of a Sagittarius, along with being ludicrously protective of their independence. My brother walked at ten months, which is pretty impressive, but my fiance crawled at four months and walked at nine months. I’m sure it’s because they felt being carried about cramped their style and limited their exploration.
I have enjoyed reading Joanna Trollope’s books about contemporary life for years. In The Other Family, she explores the effects upon two families of a man’s death.
Love and Prayers,
What I miss: not needing a nap everyday
There is a reason that there is a Starbucks on every corner. Without the steady stream of caffeine, who could possible get it all done? And can you ever really get it all done, or is that just an illusion that we cling to while trying to dress in the dress of responsibility. Everyone I know feels like life is going too fast. Monday morning brought thoughts of “the weekend was too short.” Was the weekend really short or was it filled with all of the weekend stuff that needs to get done that replaces the weekday stuff that needs to get done? The truth is time is consistent. You cannot change it. It is we who put a measurement on it and decide and assign a meaning of slow or too fast.
2. Warmer days. Spring is coming!
b) Can the provisions of the Indian Copyright Act and Patents Act override the safe harbour provisions contained in S.79 of the IT Act? If so, then why are there no immunity provisions for copyright cases when they exist for defamation, obscene content etc. What is the basis of classification of copyright as a distinct category, undeserving of safe harbour protection?
There is a giant, pink, stuffed rabbit in my Spanish classroom. I got him from a garage sale for 50 cents a few years back, but he took off in popularity is a favorite in my classes this year. Heck if I know why. I suppose it's because he doesn't fit in any bin or storage container, so he's always just sitting out, staring at you.
Any now, I just gave myself stress... so I'm gonna hit the books again...
The girls giggled as B.J. flared his nostrils and slowly swiveled his head toward the back of the room. “Oh right, the farmboys are in this class! You should bathe more, Hansen. You too, Maguire. Eau de manure isn’t as cool as you might think.” Laughter filled the classroom. Shea clenched his teeth as his right hand curled into a fist. B.J.’s really asking for it this time, he thought as B.J.’s next words cut through him like an old fashioned scythe. “No wonder your mommy ran out on you, Maguire. She probably couldn’t stand the
Visit HomeEcOnline.com this Monday for a full course outline with project pictures, teacher bios and registration details. Class cost, $60us
18. Mon Mome completed on his latest start but could only finish a well-beaten 12th in the JLT Specialty Handicap Chase at Cheltenham on March 13.
6: To stop being so silly.
heart attack while driving
So enjoy the next three years as a demigod, as all Ministers of Government do in this hell hole of a country that you and your kind have made it into. Your true calling as Opposition Chief Whip will be here sooner than you think.
The fruits and chopped vegetables are then mixed in a bowl with slightly spicy shrimp paste tossed with grounded nuts. This can be found in some coffee shops, food courts and some food stalls, but some of the food bloggers can tell you that this is simple enough to be made at home as long as one is able to get hold of a bottle of the shrimp paste which can be found in supermarkets and bazaars.
The talks/discussions I'll be doing/moderating myself are as follows:
Little did they know, machines would not be used to move Earth today.
My best friend and I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street in the middle of winter, sitting down on the floor in my spare room (where we liked watching movies the best, because there was a big full sized bed to lounge on), and watching this old movie. And loving every minute of it.
My final total was $5.68 and I have a $3 RR remaining.
Right now, tucked up a lamp-post on the South side of Dublin alongside hundreds of other works of art is this poster below just begging to have a moustache drawn on it.
The problem with having a day without dancing, is that it's all too easy to fill it up with too much tango.
(a’) I prefer to stay dry.
It takes time to tune an ear, and effort, too. It means tracking down every unfamiliar song and welding the visual image of the bird to an ephemeral voice. Unless you are among the gifted few, someone with the auditory recall of Igor Stravinskly, the weld usually does not hold the first time, or the second time either. The bird with the short, bright phrases or the raspy vowels must be tracked down over and over and over. Then over and over again, until those phrases and the image of that bird fuse and become one.
means to propel balls interchangeably at different speeds and rotational velocities to different locations;
Sea water will decline once more.
This was the line that drew me in on the MTM website: “…why women are choosing Islam in today’s modern world.” I have a complicated relationship with my born-into religion and choice was never a big part of it, so I was intrigued by the notion of “choosing Islam.”
What was the reaction like to that record once you guys put it out, what was the general critical reaction of the teeming millions?
For some seriously smooth vintage styled bathers, check out these...I am am a sucker for gingham checks, Hawaiian and nautical things !!! But there are many more fabo styles as well........
SO it comes the time when we are kitted with our staff cards, and I’m well aware on any sort of picture day, that you have to be on point. The face you see on the card is one that will potentially haunt you for the rest of your professional career.
Direct and frank communication is not the norm in Kenya. Messages will always be delivered in a senstive way. Protecting people’s face, image and relationship is more important. If the relationship is intimate the communication style will become more direct. For newly established and more formal relationships, diplomacy will be of utmost importance.
I think the professional is personal and my communication online reflects this. I think about what I do / professional issues a fair bit and this comes out. Twitter encourages the blurring of the line but I share considerably less there than I might with colleagues in the office. I also like to show off pictures of pies.
It turns out that Violet has something called CL (Caseous Lymphadenitis) which is the bane of the goat and sheep world -- a chronic diesease that affects approximately 30% of all flocks world wide. It can be treated (doing just what we did) and is harmless to people. That said, NO, we are not drinking the milk until Violet heals up. It is painful to pour a gallon of fresh milk down the drain each day, but we feel safer doing it. Hoping it will only be a week or two before Violet is feeling 100% and we can return to cheesemaking! Signing off -- a squeemish, no-longer, vet wanna-be
It comes out just a beautiful golden color and ever so slightly jiggly in the center. I always keep a thermometer in my oven to make sure my temperature is accurate and it was.
2. Legacy by Synergy
we have been through a lot in the last three years, good & bad.
It seems that these huge rats started appearing in the Florida Keys between 1999 and 2001 after some really bright exotic animal breeder released 8 of them into the wild. I’m sure he really did not want to part with them, but, due to the economy and the rising cost of cheese, he had no other choice. My guess anyhow.
Professionally, I found it was a fascinating and incredibly illuminating experience, particularly working with the book's editor and project manager, Clare Brundle, who had the herculean task of overseeing the text and writing style of a team of 40 contributors across all three sections: restaurants, cheap eats and bars. That's more than 700 venues in total!
So, according to the 21 Day Challenge, this would be Day 9. I have decided that I would do all 21 challenges in any order and on my own timeline.
"In Gloucestershire, England, 1970, five musicians got together to rehearse, producing one of the most innovative and under rated rock bands of the seventies. The original idea for this band was first conceived in a hotel room in New York City, by Peter Solley and Keith Webb. At the time, they were the opening act for The Rollingstones, with the Terry Reid Band. Deciding to break away from the creative restrictions imposed on them as backing musicians, they returned to England to form their own band called PALADIN. Many months were spent finding the right blend of musicians, writing and rehearsing. The band consisted of Lou Stonebridge on vocals, piano, and harmonica, Derek Foley on guitar and vocals, Peter Solley on organ, piano, violin and vocals, Keith Webb on drums and percussion, and Peter Beckett on bass and vocals. Stonebridge and Foley had been playing with the band Grisby Dyke, and Peter Beckett was formerly of the band WORLD OF OZ. When the rehearsals began, it was clear that PALADIN was going to be a dynamic live band. Instead of recording a demo, they invited people from the music industry to attend the rehearsals. Their sound was a mix of rock, blues, soul, jazz, and latin, creating a rich blend of world beat, long before it existed. PALADIN'S use of dual keyboards also created a unique sounds. By the end of 1970, they hit the road to play live gigs. Their first appearance took place at the Revolution in London. After some negogiations, PALADIN signed with the newly formed Bronze Records. They began recording their self-titled, debut album on January 8, 1971, at Olympus Studios in West London. They also recorded some of the album at Island Studios, also in London. They recorded almost everything live in the studio, with a few overdubs. This decison produced some outstanding pieces of music. A year later, it was time for their second album, which was recorded at the famous Apple Studios in London. Entitled CHARGE!, the second album was pegged by critics to be the absolute classic masterpiece of the 70's. This diverse album, which at times mixed folk with rock and roll, made it difficult to pinpoint influences. The lead vocals were shared by the band members on select songs. Famous album cover artist Roger Dean, designed THE PALADIN, a rider on a horse, for CHARGE!, claiming it to be one of his most difficult sketches. Unfortunately, PALADIN'S lack of success led to frustration, with Stonebridge and Foley deciding to leave the band in the middle of 1972. Foley was replaced by Joe Jammer on vocals and guitar. However, the revised lineup didn't last long and by the end of the year, PALADIN disbanded. The career of PALADIN produced two of the finest hard/prog albums of the 70's. They also recorded early versions of tracks leaning more toward jazz. These were later reworked and the tapes were forgotten for almost 25 years until their release in 2002 by Rock Symphony under the name of JAZZATTACK. PALADIN did record live for the BBC but the tapes are believed to be still collecting dust in the vaults of old Beeb in London. Today, Peter Solley owns Peter Solley Productions, a company that produces MIDI files." (www.peterbeckett-player.com)
I think that might be gone, now.
“‘But you, Bethlehem Ephrathah,
“Trouble follows the wind this night,” Lyla murmured softly, as if to no one in particular. Jake checked his response, since Morning Sky was known for her accurate gift of prophecy. He felt rooted to the kitchen floor, unable to move his feet in any direction, and a chill came over his heart.
1 patents
Before long a blind man appeared at the door guided by men on either side. ‘Hosanna to the Son of David,’ they called as they entered. Jesus looked up; he seemed in good spirits. As the new arrivals neared, he said, ‘Friends, what brings you here?’ The children had gathered, anticipating some wonder of healing to be seen. And as the blind received his sight, and lifted his arms heavenward, they began to jump, and run, and call, ‘Hosanna to the Son of David! Hosanna to the Son of David!’, the new passphrase of the temple. And among the upturned chairs and the coins lying ungathered, all was as it should be.
Here is a comment we received from Jenny.
And boy does she remember Max.
Catching Fire is incredibly successful at sucking the reader back into Collins' dystopian world, and although it plays on similar themes to The Hunger Games, including the continuation of the love triangle between Peeta, Gale and Katniss as well as a desperate attempt to survive the Hunger Games, it still manages to seems fresh and exciting. I did start to get tired of Katniss' wavering back and forth over who she loves more, Peeta or Gale, or if she even loves any of them. The Hunger Games is such a strong trilogy I really wish that Collins had relied slightly less on the love triangle aspect when telling the story. That said, Catching Fire is the perfect middle book for a trilogy; the characters grow, the plot thickens, and the reader is left knowing more but still eager to pick up the final book. In that sense it succeeds, but I was often left thinking that I wanted slightly more from the book; something I hadn't already experienced in The Hunger Games. What I found interesting was that although The Hunger Games works well as a standalone novel, Catching Fire makes the reader desperately want to pick up the next book in the series. Although I waited a month and a half patiently on the library wait list for Catching Fire, I immediately downloaded Mockingjay after finishing it.
PEOPLE: German director Michael Haneke brings us a scene-by-scene American remake of the exact same movie he made 10 years prior (Funny Games). But this time with Naomi Watts, Tim Roth, Michael Pitt, and Brady Corbet (who reminds me of Mcauley Caulkin a bit, and apparently was in 6 episodes of 24).
The palate was limey, steely and mineral with a tangy tangerine citrus fruit character and a really clean and pure feel.
I get many emails from performers visiting NYC who are interested in getting booked so I've compiled some of the best and worst practices I've seen and in doing so I hope this will provide some tips for anyone who is seeking for future bookings.
You made me didn’t you?
Then Friday, more stomach aches from Ella. Then Wyatt joined in with complaints of his own.
I want to live my life with purpose and intention. I will live my life with the purposeful intention of blessing others. I will live my life with passion.
Quest Level: 1+
And then ...
We have made the 3 mile hike to the cave and back a few times.
Police were out in force on Thursday last week when about 20 members of the EDL, who say they are against the ‘Islamification’ of England, demonstrated outside the court in support of Peterson.
B) A total stranger instructed my screeching two year old to "Stop being a naughty girl and be nice for your mom!" I didn't know if I should be grateful or offended. I just kept walking.
A glance at the order of the Supreme Court referred to in both reports however suggests that the SLP being heard by the SC was against the denial of interim relief by the Rajasthan High Court i.e. Hilton initially approached the Rajasthan High Court to stay the operation of the District Court judgment until such time that the High Court disposed the main appeal after hearing the matter on merits. This was in July, last year. The Rajasthan High Court however denied interim relief at that stage, on the grounds that Hilton’s trademarks were still valid and that it was not going to suffer any irreparable injury. we had blogged about it over here. The Rajasthan High Court was yet to hear this matter on final merits. Hilton however was aggrieved by the denial of interim relief and filed a SLP before the Supreme Court sometime in August last year. The 11th July order passed by the Supreme Court merely disposed this SLP seeking interim relief. The next battle is to be fought before the High Court of Rajasthan. Insiders with information may confirm or deny this chain of events.
All set up and ready for the brides.
Although the point of our trip that day was birding, I got rather distracted by the butterflies that were present in the area. New for the season were the Fulvia Checkerspot that Rebecca was the first to spot,
The Temptation by Alisa Valdes
One day it rained so hard we didn't leave the house
If qualified, work can begin immediately
Now, we can look to the British courts to confirm abuses of detainees that our courts and Congress have effectively blocked.
Pour into a greased and floured 9 x 5-inch loaf pan.
Students’ artwork will be on display during the following times:
LOWER DENS - Nootropics
Snack: Big glass of white wine (2 fruit)
as shown in the picture.
To take human liberty and show it the door
What are you some of your favorites?
And, as I predicted at the time, the Liberal politicians from Benghazi, had, and have no social base within the country. Their support comes from outside, from the Imperialists. As a result, real control is in the hands, as it had to be, of the Islamist militias, and increasingly it seems elements of Al Qaeda with whom the Libyan Jihadists have long had connections, including during the time they were fighting in Iraq. The only way the bourgeois Liberal politicians will be able to govern will be with the assistance of outside intervention by Imperialism.
The first day he came to school with me, it took forever for him to walk from the car into the center. And not because he had just started walking a few weeks earlier and was still a bit unsteady on his feet. He stopped for every new sound, movement or sight that caught his attention. A car drove past and he stopped to just stare at it. Once he was certain it was gone, he turned back to me and continued on until a college student approached so he stopped to watch him pass by as well. A bird tweeted and he stopped, looking around to see if he could find it. It was so hard not to rush him but, I gave him the time and space to take it all in. A month later, he still stops frequently to look around but it doesn't take us quite as long to get inside, provided he doesn't decide to test his limits and try to go in the opposite direction.
who does not change—
eventually, i moved to st. paul, married doug, and acquired boscoe. toby grew old. he developed heart disease. he slowed down, breathed harder. and i met Lo. she's one of those insistently friendly, won't take no for an answer, extremely non-minnesota types. she wanted her dogs to meet my dogs, and so they did, and so we all became friends.
Now I get to call you husband, a name neither of us takes lightly. We’ve fought so hard for each other, and in the last eight months we have struggled and grown and wrestled and it has been awful and amazing and an adventure, and I can’t tell you how thankful I am that I get to do this with you. You love me fiercely and remind me daily that the ring around my finger isn’t just for show, but rather that its a promise you intend to keep. I know you make good on your promises.
Anyway, lets go see what the ladies are up to...
Past blogs on Margo Macdonald’s last bill
Cool, I asked that very question, and it was on the news a couple years ago.
after church we headed north for christmas dinner celebrations with tim's family. time with them never disappoints. dinner was yummy. tim's parents always outdo themselves with gifts and we were all pleased with our spoils. we had planned ahead of time to spend them night so we didn't have to make the trip home so late and it was great just waking up and continuing our celebration with them the next day. to say the girls love their grandparents is an understatement and so extra time with them was appreciated. :)
But that’s not all. The Arab Spring was called the Facebook revolution. And look what it has done. Do not underestimate the power of social networkers in large numbers.
The KONY2012 project is an action plan to make Joseph Kony famous, not to give him praise and honor but to actually facilitate his arrest. Joseph Kony is the leader of LRA, a rebel group in Uganda. He abducts children and makes them soldiers. Currently, there are over 30,000 innocent children that are victims of his evil scheme.
No I’m not going there to stalk little children, I’m taking little people there to have some fun!
12. My mother taught me: HYPOCRISY.
All that "fun stuff" that I talked about that we do ALL the time with the kids--is FREE stuff! (or if not free, practically free)
We have a month until we have to move out of our house now (and into a townhouse temporarily until our house is complete). This impending move has been feeling irritable, anxious, and distracted. So, a little apology in advance if I seem to be in a perpetual bad mood this month! Disarray doesn't agree with me and I know this is all temporary, but it doesn't make it any easier for me!
Someone once told me not to become a literary agent if I was one of those people who had to always 'clear my desk.' The simple fact is that there will always be jobs on my to do list. There will always be submissions to read. There will always be client manuscripts to edit. And there will always be another blog post/tweet/social media thing to do!
Stamps: Every Moment, Teeny Tiny Wishes
We go further even than this in South Africa, however.
2) Bring just one pair of comfortable tango shoes if you have them. You will want to pick up more while here, but in any event, it is not necessary to have zillions of different shoes color coordinated to go with every outfit; this marks you as "tourist." Two or three basic black in leather and/or suede will do for the men--goat skin, or cabra, is the most flexible and comfortable. And please don't fall for the two-toned. Ladies only need a pair or two in black, one in red, and another in a color. Beware of glittery or white shoes unless you have perfect footwork.
Though vivEkAnanda was also a bengAlI – he did not write bhibhEkAnanda but that is how a bengAlI may pronounce it.
So, for the moment, I continue to stay firmly on the fence. I might buy the Kindle as a Christmas gift to myself, and I might not. I just don't feel that I "need" any of the latest technology (she says as she types on her six-year-old computer), but if everyone else does, and continues to do so, maybe it's time I start to reevaluate.
And, honestly, so many of those exciting things get buried in all that waiting and writing that I often tend to forget them and what they were like. Keeping a journal with lots of exclamation points is helpful. I think the biggest highlight for me is getting my book delivered to me, and I finally get to hold it, touch it, read it. For me, then it is real. I don't think I'd fare well with eBook only. It's so intangible. So getting my physical book is probably one of the most exciting things - even more than release day. Getting my final cover is also very exciting and memorable.
(As an aside: One wonders whether these corporates think English as well? Or count, for that matter?)
for each of us to have the courage
It's so wonderful that I can't resist wearing it from time to time though, and since I wanted to spend all day curled up in bed, I figured today would be a good day. I loved most of this outfit, but I'm not sure about the whole. I felt kind of like a teacher, and while that isn't a bad thing, it's not necessarily a good thing either. It just felt too... average. All of the pieces in the outfit are lovely, but together they didn't really work for me.
The first point worth noting is the support given by the brewing community as evidenced by the many familiar faces at tables set out across the floor of the very elegant Thornbury Theatre. From brewers to beer book publishers and venue operators and staff there were plenty on hand to make sure the night was given every chance of success.
We've almost reached the school year finish line - summer. By this point, students are looking forward to sleeping in, going out at the pool, hanging out with friends, or heading off to family vacation destinations. All of these, except for sleeping, present opportunities for reading. The value and importance of summer reading can't be ignored. Those who use summertime for anything but reading generally regress and struggle to make up the strides they've made during the previous school year.
One person called the various collections that we choose to ignore Elephants...
For months, congressional Republicans probing ATF’s Fast and Furious “Gunwalker” scandal – led by California Republican Darrell Issa, have been investigating a contempt citation. They’ve worked quietly behind the scenes to build support among fellow Republicans, since it could ultimately face a full House vote. CBS News has confirmed that House Speaker John Boehner, an Ohio Republican, has given Rep. Issa, who heads the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the go-ahead to proceed. A 48-page long draft contempt resolution is being prepared.
Kate: That sounds incredibly chilling!
The sponge used to make the log has to be soft and flexible in order for it to roll up without cracking. This is done by the use of lots of whisked eggs and very little flour which is great for me as it means it was a doddle to adapt to be gluten free. There are meant to be two differently flavoured buttercreams, one for filling and the other for frosting, but as we can’t get the specified hazelnut praline paste here in the UK (to my knowledge) I kept things simple by using the chocolate buttercream inside and out. This was a win for my brother who is home for the holidays and believes nothing goes better with chocolate than more chocolate!
Have you tried any 'foreign' food lately? What's your favourite type?
I’m hardly a Velib’ expert. Living in the burbs, I don’t get to use Paris’ way-cool rent-a-bike program as often as I’d like. There are thousands of Parisians out there who have thoroughly integrated Velib’ into their lives and can test tire pressure, adjust the seat, check out their bike and sail into traffic while I am still pulling my Velib’ card out of my wallet. That said, I’ve gotten used to the system and it seems way less baffling than before.
New Cowgirl Nanny doll – no stinky (blond) hair, only brown
The gun sounded, and a group quickly formed with the aforementioned awesome runners. Somehow, I got a ticket to the stud parade, and bounded to the lead group of Bobby, Marc, and Brock. We stayed comfortable over the light rollers, with Bobby really backing off the pace we expected him to set. I actually think the presence of such an amazing runner threw the race for a loop--a lot of runners deferred, which left Brock and I going to the front. We traded the lead for the first few miles, going through 5k in 15:23.
This is a traditional model.
Sometimes I’m a little slow to get with it, chickadees.
coriander seeds - 2 tsp
See how considerate I am ;)
For the different national markets we work through license agreements with local publishing houses, in which Jongbloed is the party responsible for printing the titles. Besides the Netherlands, we have launched our concept in Spain, France and, as you have correctly mentioned in your question, in the UK.
Like what you see? Consider becoming a follower: RSS, email or Facebook. (Psst, I'm posting sneak peaks and more frequent updates on my Facebook, so if you don't want to miss anything, like my page!)
Annoying, first because I can never remember how to spell their name, secondly because they chomp off bits of plants - they neatly decapitated my hostas, thank you very much. Also late at night they sometimes go in for this weird barking to each other, sounds like a hacking cough, possibly a mating call, most unattractive to me (but then I am not a deer, or a smoker).
B: "Grandma"
About Vueling
Pleasant Valley Sunday - The Monkees
I do not know
Be brave, for we can, and must, succeed.
This has been a concern for me for a long time. It's always there under the surface. For some time I thought I had defeated it. But recently I read a book with tips for writing fantasy where the author made the argument that if you are taking names from history and mythology and not making up your own names for your fantasy world, then you are a hack. And thus all the old insecurities reared their ugly heads and yelled, "We're baaack!"
Her smile was weak, but warm. "Good thinking. Whatever it was you did."
pearls
* Dies - Spellbinders 'Create A Flake'
The truth is, while I love measurable metrics as much as the next person, (Hel-lo Amazon Bookscan numbers!) I’m not sure this is the best way to approach your list of followers & friends. The thing we’re after here is building meaningful connections. It is much better to have a small, dedicated, truly interested group of 500 friends & followers than it is to have 1,000 who are all just mutually following each other to inflate their numbers. So . . I’m not going to answer that question. I think a much more effective approach—and saner—is to focus on the quality of the interaction between you and the community you are building.
Since I don't have the time or energy to download photos to catch up on what's been going on the past few weekends, I thought I would just focus on me for a moment. What is going on with me.
was there, in her coffin, holding a beautiful white rose in her hand with the photo of the little boy
I grow the corn, you gimme the husk
that were sent to arrest Him one time, after hearing Him speak, concluded “No
I have to sit on my hands, but my hyperactive self is on I-cant-take-it mode.
Write about hate, she says. It's a strong emotion - one of the strongest, surely - so it must be there somewhere, in my story, in yours.
8th annual Oregon Garden Brewfest
Kelly Kilmer I get out my glue stick, my papers, pens and open my journal. I don't get 'creative block'. I make art. I push. I pull. I work hard. I do what I love. When this stops being fun and stops making my heart go pitter pat, I'll close the journals and walk away...but I've loved paper since I was little and can't imagine NOT working with it. I try to make something every day...if I don't, I get antsy pants. Creative work keeps me happy (and sane!).
Janice Wagner of Wagner Orchards in Lakeshore said it looks like they were lucky and their apple blossoms didn’t get frozen, perhaps because they are further from the lake.
I’m going to flip this now and talk to the women, since they also can disrespect us men. When it comes to respect, men deserve it as well, and they do get heavily disrespected. Some women think that they ‘control the zipper’ so they control men to get they want, thinking it’s fair since men get what they want; in turn, making everything about sex. News flash ladies, it isn’t about that and you should never control your man. Men work their tails off making money to support you if you’re not employed; in that sense, men deserve a lot in return. A real man, however, will only demand a little bit. He will just want someone to love him, respect him, be there for him, companionship, and someone to be a best friend and accept him for who he is.
The move effectively doubles the number of prosecutors in the office handling terrorism cases as it prepares for the trial of the self-described mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, and four other former Guantánamo Bay detainees. It is a major undertaking that will unquestionably prove to be a significant draw on the unit’s resources…
I've masked together two magnolia stamps. This Tilda is one of my absolute favorite christmas stamps :)
I’ll get off my soapbox now.
Until then, I find that using Spinning Babies for baby positioning, pelvic rocks, hands and knees position, focusing on proper posture, using the Laselle exerciser and belly dancing (using my new Belly Dance for Birth DVD!) are all helping my hips feel good and to address my pelvic floor issues without making them worse with the advancing pregnancy. A good diet of plenty of protein and fiber has also been really important to prevent constipation. Green smoothies and rice and beans are my new best friends.
to work.
In some ways I had/have this problem a lot with poetry too. I quite like early drafts, rough edges, unfinished business and I'm not sure it helps with how my (writing) work is... received at times. I'm pretty sure that when I've sent poems to magazines and competitions in the past often the response from the readers/editors/committees must have been “why hasn't this person finished their work?” or “what are we supposed to do with this?” Other reactions may have been “did this person go to school?” or “what were they thinking?” It's a bit frustrating because obviously I did go to school and usually I've put quite a lot of thought into what may seem an unfinished piece. It feels to me like somehow I'm not really a big fan of perfection (at least when it comes to arts like these... obviously if I'm getting into any form of transport I'd quite like the designer and manufacturer to have quite high standards when it comes to perfection...). I don't necessarily want to produce something (in a poem or a picture) that has been tweaked and retweaked to within an inch of its life... but I am aware this is not necessarily a popular view. Certainly not amongst poets. I once read another poet talking about "instinctive" writing and I suppose I fall into that camp. Maybe. I'm not really keen on camps either.
1470 D-V/25/2003. “On Underestimating the Intelligence and the Subtlety of the Better Authors.” Concluding Statement, Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina
And another friend taught me the third truth. It has to do with acceptance. He said, "Acceptance is the answer to all my problems today.. . Unless I accept life completely on life's terms, I cannot be happy." Reinhold Niebuhr said something similar: "Taking, as our Lord Jesus did, this sinful world as it is, not as I would have it." In other words, if I will only accept things the way they are as the starting point, I mean, truly accept that THIS IS THE WAY THINGS REALLY ARE, I can start to celebrate what is possible in light of that starting point, instead of getting sucked down into all that I wish was different. I decided that amputation gave us as a family the chance to celebrate everything that is wonderful about this little dog, to savor every day we have left for and with her, to remember what we have adored about her and will always treasure, and to gather around her and make her last months the best they can be. That's what acceptance makes possible.
Asked whether he was afraid to play a team of underprivileged blacks in an "African area" Huntley had answered : "It depends where."
What is the fascination with the super-hero team-up? Why is it that fans get such a charge out of seeing a group of superheroes working together? Why would Marvel invest in this huge cinematic endeavor, one that many people thought of as risky to begin with? Why would DC Comics want to try and emulate that same success?
Tofu (fermented)
It is by Jesus Christ’s wounds that I have been healed. I was like a sheep that had lost his way, but now I have been brought back to follow The Shepherd and the Keeper of my soul! Amen!
We've flown through another 2 weeks so that means it's time for the next challenge over at Frilly and Funkie. It's my turn to host the challenge and I chose 'Alter it! ' I have really fallen in love with altering different, ordinary items. I just love how they can look so totally different from their original state.
1) Geographical Consolidation
We tried government control, we tried free market, we tried revolutions and we tried all possible –isms yet none of these applications brought us the desired results. Watching the documentaries it was interesting to see how throughout history we had this constantly persisting believe that we are, as humans, fundamentally flawed and the best we can do is to try and control our inner evil so that we don’t destroy ourselves and each other. I admit that looking at all the bullshit that is here in the world it’s difficult to avoid the feeling of uselessness regarding humanity, yet we have evidence that the real change is actually possible if only we start addressing the actual problems that are causing the human dysfunction.
And god, this:
"If you would just let this little boy live long enough to get to his new family, I will believe in you again."
Tip your face downwards while looking in the mirror to see where the shadows fall under the cheekbones. If your cheekbones are not prominent, feel along your face and apply bronzer in a medium shade in a line just under it to form the hallows of the cheek. Rimmel Sun Shimmer bronzing powder gives a good colour that suits most skin tones. Mac Bronzer in refined golden is quite highly pigmented so apply with a lighter touch.
Pollack-y pollenart on white Mazda pickup. Plus random tiny bug.
6) Clay Buchholz has 3 wins this season, tying him for 9th with a host of other pitchers in the MLB this season. What those other pitchers don’t have, though, is Buchholz’s 8.69 ERA. In fact, only one other pitcher of the top 36 pitchers in wins this year has an ERA over 5.00. That man, Ivan Nova (Yankees, 5.18 ERA), hasn’t lost in 15 regular-season decisions, which hasn’t happened in over 50 years.
Vitale goes on to say: "For the person who wants to simply try to reproduce their favorite beer at home, or the enthusiast who wants to make a high-quality beer of their own, the state shouldn't treat them as it would a commercial brewery. It's about time we clear out this unnecessary and unenforced permit requirement from the books, and lift the scofflaw status from thousands of residents who simply want to lift a pint of their own creation without fear that the state's peering over their shoulder."
1 package tri-color spiral noodles
“Can we talk? “ asked the sidewalk counsellor.
These are not your standard cookie cutter fairly tale characters. Nope, they are woodcutter characters! Haha! (Excuse the pun. Once you read it you’ll understand.) Who would have thought that the author could reach so deeply into the lives of the characters in a FAIRY TALE, of all things. Fairy tales are typically stories where the characters are hollow molds used as pawns to “act out” the scenes. In the classics, there is rarely any true insight into the minds of the protagonists, nor the evil villains they encounter. Characters simply do what they do because they do it. Thankfully, this is not the case in Enchanted!
A 5K is hard because it feels like an all-out sprint for 3.1 miles. Which, when coupled with the cheese hangover and the fact that I am ridiculously out of shape (I was gasping for breath and getting passed by people running with their dogs -- awesome), is its own special kind of torture.
this week's thrifty find is a folded measuring stick. i found this beauty at the same flea market as my tea box. it's actually from the same vendor! it was marked $15 but crossed out and marked down to $5. when the seller wouldn't budge on the price of the tea box i asked if he would throw the ruler in for free. when he said "yes", i was stoked!
So is Austin going to school in Savannah or Sarasota when he graduates? Awesomeness.
First, I hear R stirring. I can almost hear the contentedness of her slowly coming out of sleep, stretching out in the bed, realizing there are good smells coming from downstairs. A few minutes later, I hear her soft footsteps on the stairs. Her sleepy smile and bedhead are just too cute. She’s so excited about breakfast, about the boy’s good sleep, and about the day ahead of us. We leisurely eat and dress. Eventually, Bram begins to stir. I go to him and we have a nice morning nurse. R gets him changed and dressed for the day while I attend to the morning dishes and the laundry.
In fact the situation is worse than the judge implied, Judge Jones understated the truth, for we in Europe have gone beyond the point where the truth is merely no defence against race hate charges, the truth itself is now the crime.
Now, let me clear about something; that definition is not all bad. I am not suggesting that goals and objectives are inherently evil; far from it, as there are few things in the world that would be as good as they are unless someone had set a goal or objective to get something done. Without goals and objectives, our National Parks System would not exist, man would have never set foot on the Moon, and we never would have discovered a vaccine for polio.
One church pastor admitted: 'At times, you do wonder how people make it. What they earn, and the cost of living, just don't tally.'
Another great thing about Charlotte is the proximity to lakes. If you venture slightly north of the city, you'll arrive at Lake Norman. This pretty lake will always guarantee you a good time, and maybe even a few sightings of a Nascar driver's home.﻿
Although Saul Bellow was born in Canada, he was a naturalized US citizen when he won the Nobel for Literature in 1976. This connection is the closest brush Canada has had with the illustrious literary prize to date.
...our Lord unconditionally fulfilled His vow to provide the way for us to come back to God...
Believe me, you do not want to sitting next to the cymbals during the overture to 'Carmen'.
“You constantly need to move forward and be able to expand your business. It’s what the shareholders demand.”
4.Curry Leaves : 4 or 5
We are sponsored by SRM Stickers and they provided a beautiful
We had an EASTER CARD CHALLENGE and these ladies made such beautiful cards with Robyn's images. The ladies were given a choice of using either "BARBARA BUNNY" or "CHICKIE" for their card.
the magic of the robin’s nest, as we
Waray Art Revolution (W.A.R.) 2012 Event Schedule
from the fear of being humiliated,
My next reply was from MaheDrysdale the 5 time world champion and Olympic bronze medalist in 2008 in my old event the single sculls says that superstitious routines can only be a hinderance as if they do not happen the way you wanted them to it only serves to hinder your performance mentally if you do not do them the same way every time.
My good friend posted this yesterday and I though it was hilarious.
KT: These are rather hard times for Greece and Europe in general. Do you think collaborations from European writers, such as the present anthology, might help forge a renewed sense of European identity and solidarity?
Kendra's talk offered lots of food for thought - as the slides flashed by, my hands sought to capture a few of the lovely pebbles in the flowing stream of ideas. I was especially taken by the pieces from Convergence II, (I think that's the right exhibit) where the theme was making a piece of jewelry for a literary or historic figure. Beaded eye patch anyone?
At some point (5:35?) there was a knock on the door. I thought it was some friends running the half but thought “WHY would they stop by?”. It was Chris! He got up at 3 a.m. and drove down to be race support.
- Chewing gum is illegal in Singapore.
And the big question: would any of us have challenged him on the loud music? He was not a straightforward yob or bully, he was just wild and gentle and somewhat out of control. He needn't have been gentle. The music wasn't bad, it was just that he hadn't asked us if we wanted to listen. He was not quite in this world. Tonight he might be in Yarmouth.
As I said in the original post: I'm not trying to convince anyone to live this way. I'm just saying it's possible. I'm saying that children are worthy of our trust, and capable of making decisions on how to act and spend their time. I'm saying you can't tell if the freedom is "working" if you judge by what happens in one day or one week. And it will never "work" if you expect that, if given the freedom, the kids will eventually realize that your preferences are best, and they will behave exactly how you want them to.
In other news, I leave at the end of the month for a two-month book tour of the US, and will be writing daily blog entries on the adventures of a writer on the road. So watch this space.
We need to face the pain for what it is. We need to weep and lament and grieve. Of course I tie this to the death of my friend Davin, and I preach to myself, “Don’t flee from this.” Especially for those of us on the periphery, it’s easy to want to not move closer to the pain, to just get back on with our lives. But a few thoughts on this, the day of Davin’s first memorial service.
While saying that the Guantanamo prisoners could safely come to the United States, Powell faulted Obama for not moving faster on the prison closing and “frankly giving enough time to opponents of it to marshal their forces as to why we shouldn’t do this.”
We want three things. We want to be free. We want to be able to live a normal life. We want peace. Is that too much to ask? We are a peace movement consistent of young people in Gaza and supporters elsewhere that will not rest until the truth about Gaza is known by everybody in this whole world and in such a degree that no more silent consent or loud indifference will be accepted.
Although I didn't really keep count.
Or is that “tween” years…?
I guess this just means I'll have to go back...you tell me if I'll have company or not.
Keep me posted with the confirmation control number and the full details which you used in sending the money
Across the Atlantic, capitalism’s decay is seen in Europe’s barbaric austerity programs, especially in Greece–and in the revolts against these conditions. What Greeks are calling the dictatorship of European capital, with Germany in the lead, has forced on their country an austerity program that includes firing one-fifth of public employees, cutting the minimum wage by 22%, and slashing pensions. Those are only highlights of the latest round of austerity, imposed at a time when youth unemployment is near 50%, the suicide rate has shot up, stores are closing in droves, and many people who still have jobs have not been paid in months.
That being said, I do have a couple of pencils that do not blend as nicely or as smoothly as others. One in question is Mahogany. The purple tone on the monsters at the top. It blends, but often reluctantly. To get the results I want, I find myself using more Zest-It and a lighter touch. If you're hearing a rubbing/squeaking sound of the stumps on your paper, you're rubbing too hard. Go back, get a bit more blending agent and try rubbing not quite so hard. You might be surprised with the results.
Wolfgang, Angelika and Peter -
The beer menu at Tulla Fischer was not something to be happy about. The local Dahls pale lager was available on tap together with Carlsberg Extra Cold and some bottled import beers in a fridge. The Carlsberg was cold and without any aroma or taste to talk about. Next time around I should order water. But Tulla Fischer was a nice place, and perhaps somewhere to take a date?
Guthrie: you said health law would be
Here, herd up the cows
CREDENZA
Yeah, it was a libertarian paradise all right — with a top marginal tax rate of 91 percent, a third of the work force in unions, and a minimum wage much higher relative to the average wage than it is today.
Breathe, and enjoy.
Floodfill with your color choice from your tube
1 Cup half & half
Drake Hunter belongs on the cover of GQ. In his Savile Row suits and Caine Oxford shoes, the Hunter Toys' topper is the cover boy for corporate success. But Hunter has an odd disdain for Christmas, its symbols and sentiments, and everything else, except the green he pockets in profits. Hunter has come up with a deliciously deceitful marketing plan this Christmas. He has dispatched mall Santas throughout the city to whisper into the ears of boys and girls, "It isn't a great toy, unless it's from Hunter's!" There's only one problem: Santa is watching, and he isn't amused.
And they wore black and white.
At the moment I feel like I've built this blog like a statue to my Granny... To sort of keep memory of her and what she meant to me alive...
Here's a closer look at this cutie. The image was stamped with Memento Tuxedo Black ink and colored with Copic markers. I even colored the patterned paper to add some shading. That is a great trick, and really adds a lot of depth to the finished project. Below, you can find all the details about this challenge, and don't forget to drop by the Peachy Keen Challenge Blog to see what all the DT gals have created using this sketch. Great things await you!!!
Ok so let’s get down to it.
Margaritaville Blender Review (margaritavilleblenderreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Are you my English teacher from TIGS? If so, I just thought I’d let you know that the doors you helped open for me helped make me what I am today — a reasonably successful author.
In honor of OnoD’s birthday, I’ve uploaded and translated scans from the April issue of Sylph, which contains photos and a summary of HiroC’s seitansai in Okinawa. I can’t wait to listen to DGS tomorrow and find out what craziness Kamiya has cooked up for Ono’s birthday.
Actually, when I think about it there are way more than 3 things which frustrate me in this way. Lots of stories about bonuses payed to bankers who have brought about the credit crunch, and many other things all add to my frustation.
I feel like Eloise of the Rockies! (If you have never read the Eloise books, about Eloise, a six–year-old girl who lives at the Plaza Hotel in New York with her nanny, her dog Weenie and her turtle, Skipperdee, they are a delight. Inspiring, too.)
Gotye (ft. Kimbra) performs “Somebody That I Used to Know”
Quietly connecting
‘I really didn’t mean to frighten you.’ I ventured a smile. ‘My son isn’t very well and I’m just -’
Shawn is the guy Ronnie Bird promised her life to at the age of fourteen. He's her soul mate. He's more uptight every day, but it's not his fault. His family life is stressful, and she's adding to it. She just needs to be more understanding, and he'll start to be the boy she fell in love with. She won’t give up on someone she’s loved for so long.
These are the schools I (usually) root for come tourney time, to get that proverbial monkey off their back. They are the 20 schools that have been in Division I the longest without making a single appearance in the NCAA tournament. To keep what follows in perspective, just remember that George Mason University, which made the Final Four a few years ago, didn’t even exist until 1972.
You ever notice when you really need someone you can depend on…someone who you know will come through no matter what, it is the busiest person. The person who on the surface seems like there is no way in the world they can handle one more thing. You know why? Because the idle ones have too many excuses…to many substitutes…too many shortcuts. Almost everything in life is that way. Unfortunately most of us will never know our true capacity for achievement because we never challenge ourselves to perform at our best every day. This is most obvious when we are presented with an opportunity that really interests us. No matter how busy we are, when there is something we want to do…something we like to do, somehow we will find the time to pursue it…right? On the other hand, those things that we don’t like or those things we don’t want to do are easily postponed and eventually forgotten. Successful people are not procrastinators…the most successful and effective people have a sense of urgency. They just grab a hold of it and get it done!!!! They set deadlines and force themselves to establish priorities by what is most important and not by what they like to do the most. Deadlines….that is the magic word. Unfortunately, way too many people never set a deadline to accomplish those things which are most important. They put it on the proverbial “list”. You know “the list” I am talking about. The one you write crap down on that you never have any intention on doing. Because those things we don’t put on “the list”, we usually just dive in and get done…usually before the deadline…right? Remember, we are not naturally wound to do all the things we need to do to be successful in life…personally, professionally…health…etc. Because usually those things required to be successful at any area in life, involve doing something we don’t naturally like to do…at least not in the beginning. Otherwise everyone would be getting everything they want in life…right? Here are a few examples…
As interesting as it may be to be a part of this, I'm going to have to set a personal rule that if I have to push the little "new word" button more than once, I will not be commenting on that blog. There have been a few occasions where I had to keep pushing it because every word that came along was illegible. This can be a great frustration, and can lose you readers in the long run. You may want to consider turning it off, especially during high traffic times (such as April if you're participating in the A-to-Z Challenge). I've gone ahead and disabled mine to save others the frustration. The sound playback is often not any better. I can tell you that I am getting notified of spam, but Blogger is automatically catching any anonymous comments, which is the only form it's come in, so far. So I get the email about the spam, but when I check the actual post, the spam has not been posted, nor is it waiting in my dashboard for me.
I have also decided that I would probably like to re-shell Joeby and that will most likely mean that I will sell Elsie's plate too. While I really do adore both dolls, their sculpts just don't fit in aesthetically with my gang. It will be a very sad sale but I think I may have found a decent replacement for Joeby; A Leeke Arien. I think i'll see if I can get the replacement before I part with her current Zaoll Luv self just incase I make a huge mistake but incase any of you readers would be interested - let me know.
to her bosom, and he was her empty vessel,
When it's time to roast the bird, remove from the brine (discard brine) and rinse it really well, inside and out. Pat dry and place in roasting pan.
The people don’t have a voice
Viewing with: No One
The State selects a venue in one of the four provinces for the annual National Famine Commemoration, with Drogheda chosen this year and Sunday May 13 next the day on which the event will be held.
Despite all technology has brought.
Notes: It is said that the reason to why there were only 20 lifeboats carried onboard was because Titanic was claimed unsinkable and there was no reason to overload the ship with too many lifeboats for she was not liable to any potential danger. Thomas Andrews who was Titanic’s architect suggested for another 36 lifeboats to be placed onboard but his suggestion was overruled.
The Israelis have given up territory and made countless concessions to the Palestinians without any reciprocity. Now the Palestinians are counting on the United Nations to unilaterally declare them a sovereign state. When not killing Israelis, they kill each other.
I suppose, in full fairness, a trial that’s not a media circus would be somewhat possible. But if recent history is any indication — and there are three terrorist trials I have in mind (Timothy McVeigh, Ted Kaczynski, and Zacarias Moussaoui) — there will be a surfeit of media personalities trying to put their own spin on the proceedings. And only Tim McVeigh comes anywhere close to the notoriety that bin Laden would have had. Media circus or not, it would not have been a surprise to see the government seek the death penalty in the trial, and I’d be hard pressed to imagine a jury not recommending the death penalty, which would ultimately have been carried out.
I think it’s safe to say we all have heard the term “damsel in distress” at some point. The term is thrown around all the time and if you’ve read any of my blogs focusing on fiction, you’ll have bumped into it more than once. This character was such a damsel in distress, that character was great because she was so much more than a damsel-in-distress, etc. But what makes a character a damsel in distress? While I was throwing it around so much I realized it’s not always clear to people. On its most basic level, it simple stands for a woman in trouble, but where is the line between an overworked and harmful stereotype and a capable female character who is simply human and needs help every once and awhile? Characters I deem a damsel in distress are, more often than not, much more capable than older, classic damsels in distress like Sleeping Beauty and Snow White who have become the face of the term.
Long before you list your book on the site, you should be thinking of a title that will be easy to find in searches. If you have written a work of fiction, this may be harder to do. "A Man Catches a Very Big Whale and Learns about His True Nature" doesn't have the same ring to it as "Moby Dick." But if you write non-fiction books, be sure to write a title that uses keywords that potential readers might use to find your work. For example, instead of a clever title like "Going Fishing," your title should be "101 Ways to Find and Land Freelance Writing Clients." Amazon also allows you to use tags for your listing. Take advantage of these to include search terms that your target audience would use to help them find your book.
We all worry about our performance. We all wish we could do better. But unfortunately we do not realize, we do not often see the results that come of what we do.
Santorum: I would love to have a
But something has to change. Sunday mornings are still the most segregated hours in America. We can’t even pray together with people who are different from us, much less be good neighbors. And I have it easier than most: they are my literal neighbors. Most of us have taken life paths that have led us to places where our neighbors tend to look exactly like us. But proximity isn’t everything, of course. Moving in does nothing, if you have not love.
Hello - back in harness. Feeling better, not 100% but better than I was despite going back to work yesterday, the awful bloody weather (shouldn't moan we need the rain) and the 1 hr delay getting home due to a lightening strike on the overhead gantry just outside St Pancras!
Other stuff that wasn't suitcases or food.
It was awesome.
"On the twelfth day of Halloween, my true blood gave to me, twelve Ghouls a-Grumbling, eleven Skulls a-Screaming, ten Zombies Feasting, nine Werewolves Howling, eight Mummies Crumbling, seven Vampires Preying, six Creatures S'laying, five Ghoulish Things, four Severed Limbs, three Shrunken Heads, two Devil Bats, and a Senior Lon Chaney!"
DANIEL LAND AND THE MODERN PAINTERS – RUN SILENT RUN DEEP
We all get tired, we all have bad moments, the key is to recognize it and do something about it to make it better.
Beaune - Toulouse
Wrists (bind): On a successful attack by a whipwhirl to bind an opponent’s wrist, there is a possibility the victim will “fumble” and drop anything it might be holding in its hands. The base chance of a fumble from a whipwhirl wrist attack is 100%, minus 5% per point of dexterity of the affected target (e.g., a character with a dexterity of 18 would have a 10% chance of fumbling on this type of attack.)
but these standards only pertain to those members of the industry who hold the CMP (Certified Meeting Professional) designation which the CIC oversees.
One of the three President Obama clones held a press conference and admitted that he had signed an executive order that allows the government t clone any law enforcement officer or member of the military who is deemed a high risk to national security.
7:00-4:00. Work at My Small Town High School.
When I first brought Louie home, my fiance Kyle and I were still living in our apartment in Royal Oak so in order to keep Louie happy, we had to take him for two-three walks per day (I also used to drop him off at my Mom's while at work to play with the other dogs). These walks also gave me the chance to take outfit photos for the blog so naturally Louie ended up being in quite a few of them as time went one. Sometimes he was cute and sat pretty next to me, others he jumped up on me and wanted to play, and then there were the times where he just flat-out photo bombed my outfit photos. He is quite the classy guy.
At the massacre party, the frat boys are trying to get the dog drunk. A geeky guy tells Sasha that the sound of someone screaming in the song "Roller Coaster of Love" is the actual scream of someone being murdered. Sasha quickly finds somewhere else to be. Paul finds Natalie and shows her the newspaper article about Wexler's part in the Stanley Hall Massacre. Paul promises Natalie that he will protect her and they kiss, just as Brenda returns. She accuses Natalie of trying to steal Paul from her, then stomps away to go find somewhere to cry.
PERCHED---
So, this tag is the result of what I like to refer to as Extreme Under-the-Wire Crafting.
We sat there in the dark and the rain with our empty glasses for a long time because there was no shortage of weird things to say.
at the bottom of History.
and Convenience of the said People.
Fewer torts, more tarts.
oh, had my first sale for the red barn sale before the red barn sale
I used some fun patterned paper that I had in my stash, added a punched border, some gingham ribbon, a matching button and then matted up my stamped image that I had stamped on Flourishes Classic White and colored with Copic Markers. I only needed a few markers because the colored portions of this image are so small -- no real need to layer color! I used R27, R29, B41, B000, B0000, and then some of the Flesh Tones to color skin and hair. The shading on the bottom was done with the Tonal Neutrals. And that, my friends, is it! Easy Peasy!
Nuts of all sorts, I especially love walnuts, sunflower seeds and sesame seeds
Sahlins, Marshall “The Original Affluent Society”
This is what my morning looked like :
“Tears and fears and feeling proud
I hope you'll get a chance to read this book, linger over the language, enjoy the images it evokes, maybe challenge yourself or your children to come up with your own descriptions!
I spent last weekend with a great group of students at Washington Family Ranch, but it didn’t start out so great.
During the 1970s and ‘80s, many South Los Angeles residents were able to make a middle-class living working in manufacturing and aerospace. But those jobs disappeared when those employers closed up shop, resulting in mass layoffs.
You deny it all you want.
If God made me to think like a writer, if God intended me to write, wouldn't refusing to do so out of fear be an insult? Yet to expose my words to the world... why the possibilities for ridicule and humiliation would be limitless! I had to choose - was I going to live fearfully, or live out the way I had been fearfully and wonderfully made?
In addition, the property offers its guests a complete and modern gymnasium, valley-top infinity pool and library. The Viceroy Bali is located within minutes from Ubud, one of S.E Asia’s most charming villages, with its leisurely pace and eccentric air, bric-a-brac shops, curious galleries and quaint restaurants. Ensuring the guest experience goes without fault, the resort is meticulously presided over by an Australian family who understand the many needs of its international guests.
This allows me to make and store worm tea in batches without getting too many things covered in compost.
Followers
quite indulgent too – just focusing on the things that I like, and excluding the rest which monopolize normal life. In addition, that’s without mentioning all the beautiful blogs that I’ve come across along the way, giving inspiration and ideas and opening up my eyes and changing my view of the world around me,
I am a sucker for a good inspirational quote. I have them all over my house. An inspiration board is a great place to have all the things you love displayed. This board makes me happy and everything on it inspires me and reminds me how much I love design!
Luke 2:19-20, 33-35
The story of France after the Revolution and the upheaval that Napoleon caused became much a part of Désirée’s story, and was a fantastic backdrop to the heartwarming relationship Désirée had with her husband Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte. The writing style was quick and easy to understand and not dated to its original fifties publication which is surprising. Not a literary masterpiece but just a fantastic story of an otherwise forgotten lady (who is not depicted well on Wikipedia), I am so glad that Sourcebooks Landmark has reissued the tale fifty years after its first printing. Timeless and epic are true adjectives even though I cannot fully explain the draw that the story had for me, it is just one of those novels that will be unforgettable. Annemarie Selinko dramatically relates the life of Désirée, her family, and the Bonapartes though with a blunt matter of factness that tugged at my heartstrings which showed Désirée had sacrificed much for her beliefs of the Rights of Man, but seemingly with no regrets.
 Etc.
Tacoma, Washington and Victoria, BC
Storey turns things over thoroughly, viewing them as prisms. The range of examples he works through is appreciated. Taken together they explain how we can go in any historical direction, making different sized leaps, from the 1960s to the 1990s, or the 1880s to the 1980s, and make some very potent insights about now. Grand-narrative history may be off the curriculum for good, but Storey does what Fredric Jameson urges – he always historicizes. We know that Santa doesn’t exist, but the essay on how Christmas was invented is a gift, not a disappointment. Exposing historical ‘invention’ is Storey’s craft. He reveals the hidden, understanding how culture is made and re-made, rather than imagining it as developing from some original point of authenticity. This book does what all great cultural studies courses and texts should. It shows that the floor we stand on is less stable than we previously thought. As room-shakers we run risks though, if students leave lectures ever so slightly disturbed, things are going well. If they are so alarmed that they never return, we have gone too far. This book will rattle cages, but it also provides some advice on how to rattle back.
4. Dissension between the husband and the wife disrupts the whole family life; they are like oxen unequally yoked, no work can be accomplished for all the striving with one another.
3/ The SNP are going to lose the 2015 Westminster election.
Denise took the dress from her mother smiling the slightest, trying to hide it from Gracie who seen and slipped out the door so she could try it on.
The carpet snake lingered for quite a while, meandering between the hen house and the garage. We would often see it on the rafters of the garage. While it is not uncommon to see them occasionally, it was unusual to see this one so much! Eventually I rang a snake wrangler who removed the snake from the garage and relocated it elsewhere.
Tonight’s soundtrack included the mighty Power Quest, Mad Max, Big Country, Donnie Vie and Slam Cartel.
I just can’t see how it could be.
In January I posted the Myrtle Drive Mail Theft. Those of us who left our mail in unlocked mail boxes took a lot of heat at that time. Today I have some great news for you. The mail thieves have been caught and arrested in Pleasant Hill!
Illinois – Whiskey Sour by J.A. Konrath
She was shocked and disappointed when she exclaimed, "What? I thought you were a brave woman who could handle living in Iowa!"
She Do the Taboo by Jason Eklund
I've decided as of today that I'm not taking on any more work for this year. I have enough to keep me busy until 15 Dec, which is my last day before we leave for holidays. As a friend pointed out over lunch, what's the point of being self employed if you can't decide when to say 'no' to work?
I won't give away the ending, but I will say that this book uses a plot device that I've always felt was gimmicky and a no-no for most credible works of fiction. The writerly advice I've always heard is to avoid this device, but it's blatantly used here. It's probably what makes the story work, but it's also what makes the story shallower than it could have been.
WE KNOW EXACTLY WHO SPENT THE MONEY
Step 3: You're ready to apply the wallpaper to the wall. I started the installation from the center of the wall and worked my way out to the edge. Depending on the space and pattern of your wallpaper, you may want to start in the center of the wall or at the wall edge. Make sure the wallpaper is plumb by using a level.
Let’s face it: on our deathbeds, the accomplishments that matter most to most of us probably won’t be recounted thus: ‘In 2012, I sold another thousand copies of someone else’s middle-of-the-road blockbuster to an overweening VP with really bad hair and worse manners at a giant monopolistic corporation that was destroying my grandkids’ futures. Man, I lived.’ So while I too sometimes feel enchanted by the seductive power of glittering fantastic excess that seems to have mesmerized my little informal sample of Manhattanites, I’d also like to challenge them — and you — to consider the questions of mattering in a slightly more sophisticated, humane, considered way.
Cream Cheese Frosting:
Intern: Wait. What is this?
The end of an era
Its time for a change, Americans of all races need to their quality of living seriously and fight for jobs, development, against poverty,and crime. Its time lawmakers and the evil men who oppress us are forced to fix the disparities in income and many of the social ills of American life.
There are many fresh egg noodle with nice ramen-broth in a package for 2 to 3 person you can get about $3.75 to $5 at any Japanese super-market.
To your response.
-possess good looks minus a high EQ probably
Till death do us part, in my book there is no such line.
The buzz around the blog world is Celebrity Dopplegangers. I love this topic because over the years I have gotten so many different celebrities. I also get a lot of people who tell me I look "just like so and so". I have a very familiar face I guess.
He was given the job after the general election by David Cameron not because he has long political pedigree in the Conservative Party but for one reason only: he is Cameron’s closest friend.
I wish I could buy this outfit as it is.. but as I'm back to the nasty British pound I guess this will remain a dream...
That's it for my Our Creative Corner piece this week. I hope you will stop by the OCC blog and maybe even hop through the DT's blogs and leave them some love. Lots of beautiful butterfly art to see this week!
And the prophesies that fall.
I constructed reservoirs of water for myself from which to irrigate a grove of flourishing trees.
In Works and Days Ralph Waldo Emerson writes “Just to fill the hour – that is happiness. Fill my hour, ye gods, so that I shall not say whilst I have done this ‘behold an hour of my life is gone,’ but rather ‘I have lived one hour.’”
I also have not been wearing the emigi from the specified time frames. It needs to be in at 1800 until the end of the day. I asked Him where it was at the other day.
W1: Not even when they're with you?
Optoma Pico Pocket Projector Review
Most of the Norwegian micro brews seems to have gone dark this Christmas. Understandably for the Julefnugg- literally Christmas (snow) flake- brewed by the Berentsens brewhouse in Egersund, the dark mainland of Norway ( a term used to describe the Bible Belt in Norway, probably stemming from the many missionaries leaving the area, bound for Livingstone's dark continent). Long journeys were incidentally the background also for the beer styles emerging this Christmas from the Norwegian microbreweries, the Imperial Stout or the Baltic Porter.
* Set the search path for modules. This has a format similar to the
Yet there are some who might snigger at the title's implications,
I've succumb to the sheer adorability of this fella. Hats off to you, Ruth! What a treat to make! I loved every inch of Sheldon's construction. The plastic safety eyes the pattern called for are so fitting, but decided to sacrifice perfection for safety - a little embroidery in leiu of darling. Safety first - don't want any choking hazards. He does require a fair amount of seaming, but I enjoy a good handstitch so no complaints from me. This is my addition to the Sheldon population...welcome to the world baby Carter! xo
I few days ago, I told you about my dance therapy. My hope is that by moving in rhythm to a few peppy songs most days, I can train myself to feel lighter in spirit, maybe even learn to have fun — whatever that is. And it’s working. I started out by getting teary-eyed during my sessions (“session” makes it seem as if it’s really therapy, but the truth is, I just dance in my room ). This morning, though, while dancing to one of the songs from my rockabilly collection, I actually felt a lightness of spirit. Of course, it’s almost impossible to be sad while dancing to Eddie Cochran. (What can I say? I love rockabilly, though I never even heard any of the songs, not even the oldest ones, until the 1990′s. Such a deprived life I led!)
specific marketing initiative by contributing comments,
Mr. Obama alluded to the turmoil in his remarks to troops, saying “a lot of time it’s easier to get bad news on the news than good news.”
Anyone else have some miraculous overwinterings this year?
For those of you who don't know (whose existence, if confirmed, would thoroughly prove my point): Kambanda was Rwanda's Prime Minister during the Tutsi genocide.
‘‘(B) at least one significant purpose of the use of such information is—
However, as I’ve grown older, I have shifted my perspective to find the positive in more things. That doesn’t make me an optimist, still, in my opinion. I still feel I’m firmly in the stance of being a realist. But it does change my emotions and attitude when seeking out the silver lining, even while still acknowledging the cloud.
The woman doesn’t stay long. She keeps trying to pet me. I don’t mind, but with the high pitched voice, it’s a bit overwhelming.
Since I enjoyed the package I received from Stephanie during the recently concluded Package Exchange Project (and since I'm such a greedy little hamster. Ha!), I just want to throw out an open invitation to anybody out there who would be interested in exchanging packages with me. Just post a comment and leave your email. Just as I love receiving packages, I also enjoy sending them so drop me a note. I'm not sure as to how many, if any, would reply but I won't be able to exchange packages with everybody (that's assuming I get a TON of replies which I probably won't since my blog is so teeny tiny). My current stash of goodies might be sufficient for only 2-3 packages.
Thomas said to me that he thought it would be pretty hard to look after so many children at once (she has at least 10 ducklings at last count). This comment was probably brought on by some discussion we have been having this week after beginning to read this book together.
Most detainees are entitled to receive visitors at all ICE facilities. If you decide to visit the detention center or you want to bring something to your friend, call ahead to see if there are any visiting restrictions or what kind of items you can bring. Usually food and even some books are not allowed.
The Doomsdayers have nothing left to say
**You will skip the outside holes**
And that is where I have to ask: who can actually practice Buddhism? It seems that trying to would test a monk. What chance do any of us living in the world have? In the abstract, it's easy enough to sign on to all the "right" modes of conduct, but how much choice do we actually have?
You have seen the fab creations of our designers and guest designers and the lovely crafting CD-Rom our lucky winner will get in this challenge.
Req: be able to read 1 chapter from my confusing book.
Let’s compare, as to historical significance, Wilson’s much-discussed Washingtonian Society of a century before A.A.’s founding. Society membership, said Wilson, “passed the hundred thousand mark,” but, said he, it lost sight of its goal of helping alcoholics. It became embroiled in Abolition and Temperance matters, quickly faded from the scene after only a few short years of activity, and had been long dead for a good many decades before A.A. was founded (See Wilson’s remarks quoted in Pass It On. NY: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc., 1984, pp. 325, 354, 366-367; Twelve Steps And Twelve Traditions. NY: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc., 1952, pp. 178-179). Furthermore, several perspicacious AAs were later to write that the real failure of the Washingtonian movement was its non-reliance on God and focus on temperance pledges.
At first we had it all to ourselves, and we simply enjoyed the parading party peeps. We asked the passersby to identify themselves. We maybe asked them very loudly, with my husband patenting a voracious battle cry of IDENTIFY YOUR CHARACTER! whenever a costumed kook walked by. A young couple joined us, and the boy knew everything about every one of the characters that came along. It was such good fun, he was a bona fide carrier of a cool card in this environment, giving us all the history and battle tales we could ever seek about each hybrid freak that crossed our path. The more we drank, the more curious we grew. Answer man knew it all.
I wear a Q-link necklace and a hematite bracelet to help counteract the radical electromagnetic shifts happening right now. One advantage of being so sensitive to energy is that I can offer multi-layered readings for people all over the world from my own living room. The downside of being so sensitive is that when the poles start shifting, I really feel it! When the Sun starts shooting coronal mass ejections of high vibe energy into Earth’s atmosphere, my crown chakra gobbles them up until it wants to explode. I know others have been experiencing this, too, as fevers, headaches, pressure, sleep disruptions (either too much or too little), and inability to concentrate. Last week, during the day following the largest CME’s, every single client had a migraine, and even with my Q-link my head hurt. I sure burned through a bunch of old patterns, though! Holy, moly — intense, then gone.
Perhaps the nastiest of all trends, on-disk DLC is when publishers offer “downloadable content” that has actually been included on the game’s disk. Once again, publishers are locking away content that has already been paid for. This offence ranks above the rest because, unlike online passes, publishers aren’t spiting a group of people. This is not an act of anger or frustration. Publishers, like Capcom, claim that there is simply no difference between on-disk DLC and regular DLC. As a result, groups of gamers have started to protest Capcom, along with other main offenders. Cliffy Bleszinski, design director at Epic Games, sheds some light on the morality behind on-disk DLC, labelling it as an “ugly truth” in our beloved industry. In my opinion, if publishers want to lock away on-disk content, the price of the game should be lowered.
We are so happy with this flooring and our decisions! By doing this, we have saved well over $1500 that hardwood flooring would have cost. We like it so much, that we plan to do this in our kitchen soon. We plan to paint or whitewash it there though.
It’s been a while, WordPress. My work blog has been taking up any of my real blogging thoughts. But tonight, I had some thoughts that I didn’t want to paste on my church’s website.
The surgical table had these separate arm rests that stuck out from the side of the table. It felt like I was walking to my crucifixion. I would have to lay there and get strapped into this table. WTF!
I am a serial long distance dater.
Holding up signs for the contestant and even making shirts, these diehard fans are exactly what the American Idol contestant needs to remind people to vote every week. Proud that she is local and even more delighted that their girl is representing strong, it is safe to say the blue jays are going to defend their contestant all the way.
- Mango: like Gap with an edge for those of us who have not the spine to wear leggings and hot pink. I dug the little extras, sequins, patterns, etc that didn't provoke my style-challenged insecurities.
I explain to her, that there are a lot of open tables,
Tickle the shadows
There's some interesting stuff here - the sense of place is excellent, particularly in the filming locations and extras casting. The concept of the impact environment has on personality is a good starting point, but gets lost in the guise of a thriller/drama. I think that if Affleck were to simplify, he might be more successful in his next venture.
Today, it's another (weird, natch) unsolved mystery. Not a murder this time, but something kind of crazy.
So he sneezed his eyebrow off?
Well, I had to find some resources in order to keep going with my ball physics. This is the code I used for the paddle.
Still More Work to Do.
But the lyrics are worth paying attention to as well, she says. They’re often written by respected poets, and they take on issues like class, poverty and politics — even topics as touchy as domestic terrorism.
What form does ADD take in a person that does not see? Does this, in fact reduce their chances of experiencing the traditional form of sensory overload we are so used to experiencing?
You have time until 6 may april 23:59.
“For me it actually makes present day a little less hard,” he said. “When my life seems like it makes no sense and is just a pile of crap, well, that’s what everybody’s seems like at some point and the way we hear a story now makes you think that your life would make sense and should be on a progression instead of doubling back on itself all the time, which is what life does.”
I haven’t blogged in a while because I half thought that if I didn’t think about the challenge or do any running then the injury wasn’t there. Basically, after my last long run the outside of my left foot and ankle became really sore. I couldn’t put weight on it and was limping around the place.
Back in Sept. 2010 Karoline (From Karoline's Corner) held a giveaway to celebrate her 500th post. I was the lucky winner of that giveaway! I was floored when it arrived and I opened it to find a gorgeous stitcher's pocket, package of needles, and stork embroidery scissors! Thank you so much Karoline, it is all wonderful! I will treasure the stitcher's pocket always, you did a fantastic job on it!
Their discography was as scant as it was rare, but that very obscurity helped build their underground legend through word of mouth, until a double-CD retrospective was finally issued several years after their breakup. By that time, most of the members had moved on to other, better-known emo bands, most notably Joan of Arc and the highly successful Promise Ring, which helped spread Cap'n Jazz's influence far beyond their original audience.
Doesn’t it just sum it up? Poll ratings are the biggest issue and the people running the country are not very clever.
Inspecting the door, the Ninja discovers traps, so upstairs Darryl jumps out of the window to report back to the others. Tonks casts a Dark Bridge towards the window and, together with the Paladin and the Monk, climbs in, while the City Guards guard the building from the outside.
And Dog was content and wagged his tail.
At the dawn of civilization, Plato wrote:
Fun fact:
Among my sisters, there is one who was a fervent fan of the Shinhwa seniors and who even owned nude pictures of them. Because my sisters were already really interested in singers, they were really supportive of my choice to become one.
Though this was a little light overall I thought that this was another good episode, things are steadily becoming a lot more clearer than they were when the show began, and the Okinawan/Ryukyuan independence plot still has some potential. If anything however I’m wondering just what Pied Piper’s role in this will be.
That loss to Gibbs AAU wasn’t the worst loss of the season, though. Neither was the 125-54 drubbing in the first game against the P.I. Marines. The worst defeat would be an 87-point loss at Furman, 154-67. That game would become part of an unusual record, for in the second meeting that year between the two teams, The Citadel elected to play stall-ball (why the Bulldogs didn’t try that strategy more often during the season, I don’t know). I was once told by someone that at one point during the game most of the players on both teams were sitting down on the court, a few of them amiably chatting with one another. Furman eventually won the game, 26-24. The 85-point differential from one game to the next between the same teams is an NCAA record. Normally, a record like that would occur when a team lost by a large margin and then came back and posted a dominant victory. In this case, however, The Citadel (naturally) managed to lose both games.
I have a winner for my Blog Candy!!!!
14Or in your house different measures, a great and a small.
Cosmic Fever
Well, that's about it for now!! Congratulations if you've made it to the end. I'm looking forward to another exciting day tomorrow, and will hopefully write more about it tomorrow night.
Tomorrow I go to visit my surgeon for my post-op appointment and I am SOOOOO glad that I will finally get to remove the damn dressing and this massive brace, for hopefully a more streamlined brace. Also to get rid of the TED stocking will be great too.
7) I will always love him
know?
I began writing professionally in 2006, and was busy learning the business from the ground, up. I quickly realized how word of mouth can be one of the greatest marketing tools, especially if you speak occasionally about other attention grabbing topics in everyday life. We, as humans, love listening and voicing our opinions and thoughts on everyday issues, and we love to interact with others to gain info or simply gossip about nothing. We listen when people recommend simple solutions to problems, recipes or the hottest, new movies to see.
I was at a cooking class and thought that this would be the perfect setting for a novel. So it began….. And yes, five years later, I am still working on it (the cooking and the writing). It’s the most challenging yet invigorating endeavor I have ever undertaken. A love hate relationship. Conflict. All wonderful ingredients for a story and a blog.
Amish proverb
About thy crest.
Beatles She loves you UK
say, “Now, Mary, you can’t let Martha do all the work by herself. Get
It's that I'm selfish and want her here with me. I still need her so badly.
While I loved Mary as Lori, especially during the epically gruesome showdown in Alex's kitchen, it was her work as Nicole that impressed me the most. Perpetually sheathed in her spider web inspired lingerie, Mary imbues Nicole with a sexual intensity; an intensity that boils over during her Ivy Rosovsky choreographed dance number. Contorting her lithe frame like it were a perverted plaything, Mary heaves and thrusts her way into the deviant hall of fame. Quirky fun-fact: It was during Nicole's erotic dance of mental illness that I discovered that she and Lori shared the same knee type (type-o-titillating).
"The only growth that has any significance in God's plans is the growth of believers." (pg. 38)
conglomerate media company. I knew it would hit the newsroom, but I always
1 3/4 cup of plain flour (sieve)
On another note, I want to let you all know that we received more than 100 applications for our open Design Team positions. Yowser!!! Let me tell you that I seriously wish I could have you all on our team! This is the hardest part of issuing a design team call... I don't want to disappoint anyone, and I appreciate how much time and effort you put into applying and then waiting to hear. Trust me, I've been on the other side countless times... some I got, others I didn't. All I can say is please don't take it personally if you aren't selected. It isn't about that at all, even though it might feel like it. Besides, I firmly believe... and have told myself this when I wasn't selected for a particular DT... that when one door closes, another opens. It's true. I know this from my own experience.
The ANC says it is "extremely disappointed and puzzled" by a high court decision refusing it leave to appeal an earlier finding on the singing of a controversial struggle song containing the lyrics "dubul’ ibhunu" (shoot the boer).
The youth are uniting and exchanging ideas using the internet, a technology that can no longer be withdrawn without a clear change in the system and a move by governments toward the form of authoritarianism that currently reigns supreme in China. The appeal of the Humanitarian Socialist Party is to the British people in this time of revolt, do not let the media spin your message and make it into a message of the same old demand for economic justice and therefore something that is a relic of the 20th century concept of socialism which you have been lead to follow by the old left. Use this opportunity to reject the right and left and create a civilization that would set an example for the rest of the world to follow.
Now the salt tides seaward flow;
To be a loyal subject is not a loss of personhood, but a glory. To affirm the monarchy is not a loss of dignity, but an affirmation of it.
The weather has severely limited the sporting start of the term. Last Friday, however, 10 staff took part in a school golf tournament at Petersfield Golf Club. Using his local course knowledge, Alan Knight negotiated his way round the course expertly, and was the overall champion on the day, closely followed by Richard Lushington and Cliff Attwood. Chris Bott received the award for nearest the pin, with a great tee shot on the par 3 15th hole, whilst Alan Wright received the award for the longest drive on the 6th hole.
Some people don’t like poetry because it’s confusing. Do these same people, I wonder, find it confusing to be still and quiet? Allowing ourselves to fully explore and experience the white space of poetry and of our own lives means exploring and experiencing ourselves. Such exploration is often difficult – shameful, embarrassing, uncomfortable. Such exploration, however, can truly be marvelous – soothing, revelatory, affirming. In poetry – which I feel is just another form of storytelling – we can find the comfort of knowing we’re not alone. And in the white spaces we can breathe in that knowledge that we’re not alone, we’re not lost.
I have painstakingly gone through everything in the two wallets I was using. (don't ask -- it's not worth the explanation.) I have looked at each piece of paper, I have shredded old cards, I've consolidated and combined and whittled away at the wallet clutter. It's much improved.
Because I've done a lot of my living down in the dirt and the dark..........
So, I think I’m going to take this challenge, where I take a picture everyday in May. It seems fun, and I love pictures. So unless something really crazy happens, my blog for this month will have a post everyday, with the photo and subject, and I’ll write what I think about that subject. Or something to do with it, or some nonsense. These are pictures I upload to instagram initially, and they’re also going to be on my twitter.
NOTE: Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him
There's an amazing line up of talks, events and workshops and I honestly can't wait. On the personal side, Emma Darwin and I will be running the Developing Your Voice mini course on Friday. I'm hosting a Breaking the Rules workshop on Saturday afternoon and I'm also doing a total of 5 hours of Book Doctor slots over both days. That's when we meet the aspiring authors who have submitted a first chapter, synopsis and covering letter in advance for 10 intense minutes of critique and feedback.
And in the effort to love as I have been loved,
Triglycerides: 282
The Household Charge is an annual charge introduced by the Local Government which is payable by owners of residential property. The EU/IMF Programme of Financial Support for Ireland commits the Government to the introduction of a property tax for 2012. We are one of the last countries in Europe that does not fund local services through local property-based charges.These include: fire and emergency services; maintenance and cleaning of streets; planning and development; public parks; street lighting; libraries; open spaces and leisure amenities. A property tax, requiring a comprehensive property valuation system, would take time to introduce and accordingly, to meet the requirements in the EU/IMF Programme, the Government has decided to introduce a Household Charge in 2012.
It is easy to engage them in conversation. A smile will do it. Or a small comment. They don’t flinch away. They don’t think you must be touched in the head to want to talk to them. Unlike many extremely old ladies in England, for example, they are not apologetic, self-deprecating creatures, accustomed to being overlooked or insulted. No woman is ever non-viable in Italy. She may at any age demonstrate self-respect, being elegantly shod and immaculately groomed, without accusations of being pecora dressed as agnello.
Scientists and their bloody end time predictions. It has even attacked the mind of a football fan. It’s a joke though.
One tidbit I can tell you is that I am officially part of the copic blog team....what does that mean....well it just means you will continue to see copic techniques on my blog...like today!
So the world is falling apart, the global economy is in freefall and recession looms - but we can always frock up and make ourselves feel better. If we're going to go down, we might as well do it stylishly.
So every every disadvantage has an advantage
Postcard by W. H. Applebee of Ashford. Click the postcard to enlarge.
When they arrived Madziwanyika, Charumbira, Chingoma told their people to come to a meeting. Madzivanyika asked Wandimirwa saying, Why did you run away from the husbands which we gave you?” They answered that they wanted to live where Gutu and Mashonganyika Iived because at that place there were some rocks where they dried their mealie meal. This place there were no rocks. Then Madzivanyika became angry after hearing it, he took a spear and killed Wandimirwa and Recha. Guhwa and Mashonganyika saw this, they also were very angry. They took spears and fought against Madzivanyika and his relatives.
Barney Bentall
I was a bit disappointed recently when two different pairs of socks came out of the laundry with damage. My lucky bike socks (pictures to come) suffered a small hole near the side of the toe, which was easily fixed. My beloved Koigus weren’t quite so lucky — I’m going to have to unravel part of one cuff and re-knit it. I guess there’s a lesson for me to hang onto my yarn remnants in case I need them for repairs.
* Not sure of new expectations
To the point
2. (a) Explain the synchronous detection method of DSB –SC signal . Explain the effect of phase and frequency errors in synchronous detection.
When your priorities are in place, you will experience happiness, joy, and flow in all areas of your life. When you live by the priorities of others, you will experience sadness, lack of motivation, and a feeling of “stuckness” in some or all areas of your life.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. In a large cup muffin pan, carefully fan-fold each tortilla to fit into each cup. It usually requires only two folds (see right). We don’t find it necessary to grease or treat the muffin pan.
Quote: When everything seems like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top.
Or…..
Every time the New Year comes around, I go over my mental list of the things I'd like to accomplish and ways I'd like to better myself as a person. And every year when it seems like I'm not "on track" for accomplishing those things, I beat myself up and play the comparison game with others, falling into the thinking that I'm somehow not good enough, organized enough, or smart enough to complete my "list". So this year, while I am resolving to make some improvements, I'm also (more importantly) resolving to be easier on myself, accept my limitations and take pride in the things I do accomplish.
react_toy: doesn't know drop it and will try to play keep away. Besides for that fine. Can take toy. She isn't allowed to have toys a lot since she destroys them. No one plays with her. We had 3 toys and she was interested (almost obsessed) with all of them. She would trade for a treat and once a bit calm/focused would give it to you, but wanted it back right away (in a playful manner)
06. Electric Feel
Why did I decide to study at Griffith and in Australia? Well, I have a Bachelor Degree in Economics, but wanted to switch careers. Right now I’m doing a Master of Business (International Tourism & Hospitality Management) which is what I really like. Always wanted to study abroad and visit Australia, but not just for a short period of time, so the idea of studying at Gold Coast suited me perfect. Some people might wonder why I left my comfort zone. Well I wanted to experience new things and there is no better time for me to do that than now.
The problem with placing someone on a pedestal is that once they’re gone, no one else can ever measure up. No Alabama fan ever remembers that Bear Bryant went eight straight bowl games without a victory, but every coach that ever came through Tuscaloosa after him was compared to his image. Holding someone up to “legendary” status is like buying a classic car. It looks great, but the real thing never measures up to the memory.
If you think I’m not talking about the film’s plot enough, well, that’s because it’s just the same violent and gruesome flashbacks played again and again, until you want to beat your brain against the wall just so the banality will stop. Ugh. This is intolerable! Who watches this shit, serial killers? Weird fetishists who get off on seeing a homeless guy beat up by a bunch of supposed ‘law enforcement officers’? I suppose it would be useful as an insomnia medication, but then again, it’s so unnecessarily gruesome and unpleasant that it even fails as that! So basically it’s a movie with no appeal to anyone who actually has a normal functioning brain. Hurrah.
4. A heart that devises wicked plots. Plotting, to secretly make plans to carry out. When you partner dance you need a partner. The biggest lie that anyone will tell a single girl is that they will meet someone dancing. Nope that’s not going to happen, especially if you are over 30. How does one get a partner then? You’ve got to be either a) really ridiculously lucky and meet someone outside dance that is not only interested in starting dance, but also interested in dancing with you. b) Pay a really expensive teacher. c) Become a teacher. By being around other teachers, you sort of just have to pair up. It’s inevitable. d) Leap on people who have just broken up. You have to be very careful with this, as not only are they fragile, but you have to go about it as though you don’t live in the gossip mill, which you obviously do, otherwise you wouldn’t have heard about it this quickly. How many wicked plots are we up to now?
The one at my stepfather's mother's house in Athens, Texas. I ate a lot of coconut cream pie that had been sitting out a bit too long. The next day, I had my first case of food poisoning, and as I was in the feverish throes of vomiting and shitting myself silly, I tearfully begged my mom to let me die.She started to cry. I was eleven.
We, The Graywalkers, formally denounce and split all ties with Bobby Joe Fanin of Lexington, Kentucky, going by the false moniker “Robert Duncan O’Finioan,” known petty criminal of Pahrump, Nevada, 1990-99.
Although the movie looks like a bad lifetime movie, which means it must be pretty terrible, the allure and the reason I may pay close to $10 to see it, is the “find hope for her unknown future” line.
In the mean time hubby is home for 2 weeks, mind you, one has already passed. It's absolutely great to have him home, the extra help and support and company are awesome.
Cambies was completely packed with people. No surprise there, as it is one of the most popular bars in Downtown, Vancouver. Lucky for the INTERNeX group we were there early so we avoided having to stand in the long, long line! Cambies is a great place to find cheap beer, an awesome atmosphere and fun people. There are really big tables that can accommodate a large group such as ours and the music always gets you in the mood to party.
Daily Gleaner
I apologize for the lack of action around here—I've been enjoying the outdoors with friends and family. It's been in the 80's with low humidity and nothing but sunshine. That means one thing in Florida: Spring is here!
The hops smell is all around you
I was reading a story about the test flights of a new plane today. Like almost always when I am on-line one story leads to another and pretty soon I am in a totally unrelated place from my start. Today I was led to another article about the storage of retired airliners in the desert. This is just another area where I find acute interest. One of the planes featured in the article was the famous or infamous 'Gimli Glider'
If you aren’t watching the new season of Doctor Who, for shame. If you’ve never ever seen Doctor Who? Now is the time to start. While Series 5 is over in the UK and BBC America is slowly catching up, we’re going to look back on our Top 5 Favorite episodes of the new season. Is it Christmas yet?
I’m here.
And despite memorizing the license plate before they drove off…I followed the “Negro Code” that is, NO SNITCHIN’!!
Only I have started to say things now.
Also, buds that are in a "marshmallow" state often are attractive to all varieties of outdoor creatures because of the sweet sap, so there's a clue as to what to cut. Since the bud is still closed the theory is no pests are inside; the cold water dunk, soak & swirl is to remove any pest on the exterior as well as any sap that might still attract pests into your home.
Every state that boarders (sic) New Mexico except for Oklahoma which only has the Tip of its Panhandle touching New Mexico are now not welcome in New Mexico if they carry a firearm. All those citizens were welcome in the not to distant past. Also Colorado and most likely Texas will drop New Mexico and then citizens of New Mexico will not be welcome in those states if they want to carry their defensive firearm. That will cause a lot of calls, emails and letters to start flowing to politicians and an election is coming up. Those Politicians don’t want any waves right now that they don’t need. So it will be very interesting to see what happens in the coming weeks. I am hoping for the best. I also what to say I don’t know anymore about the Why’s of this any more than you do.
All you need to do is leave a DIRECT LINK to your NEW project using the linky feature below by 7pm EST Thursday, September 1st, and you'll be entered for a chance at the prize and for being named one of Stamp Something's Top 5!!
What is happening with the Habs?
www.PixieVacations.com
Today in my email, I got a letter from Matt Rhoades of the Romney campaign to ask me to donate money. I subscribe to both Obama and Romney's campaigns because I'm keeping an eye on it to try to see how both campaigns are utilizing the Internet. So far they both are actually doing some interesting things.
We just running around
“So when they had appointed him a day, many came to him at his lodging, to whom he explained and solemnly testified of the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus from both the Law of Moses and the Prophets, from morning till evening. And some were persuaded by the things which were spoken, and some disbelieved.”
In our previous post, Using Net Promoter Score to Measure Social Media Effectiveness, we took a look at Net Promoter Score as a social media metric. In this post, we look at some other social media metrics, including Online Promoter Score.
Yep, you read it right, only 2 drops of the H2 in the window cleaner. I quickly tested this cleaner because, well my homemade stinky alcohol/vinegar window cleaner really works good even though it stinks. I did not think there was any way that 2 drops in that 16 oz bottle would get anything clean. I was wrong! I cleaned half of my big mirror in my living room with the Shaklee and asked my husband which side was cleaner (he did not see me clean with the Shaklee) and by far the Shaklee was clearer and brighter. I had no idea my stinky cleaner was streaking. I also put it to the big test of cleaning my laminate floors. I am telling you, NOTHING gets these floors clean without streaking.....until NOW!
Although Di Matteo says that questions as to whether he will be given a long-term contract to manage Chelsea at the end of this season are “irrelevant”, he commended the Football Association for appointing Roy Hodgson as England’s manager. “Roy is a gentleman, a very good coach and a very good manager,” said Di Matteo of the man who replaced him at West Bromwich Albion after he was sacked in February 2011. “England would be a difficult for anybody but I think he’s got all of the experience that you need for a national team. He has got results wherever he has been. I don’t know about public opinion but among his fellow professionals he’s very highly rated. He’s a fantastic manager.” Read More
Was it via telepathic mind control, or perhaps via establishing an energetic “atmosphere” around the world or in certain regions so that groups like those would tend to flourish?
So the weather is sh*t and I've been forced to get creative with my blog post shoots - LOL. I live in the Northwest, so it's just muddy, dreary, rainy, ick.
WHAT? Are you kidding me? The sticker was right: that sure is magenta! I didn’t think this color existed in nature. I thought it was invented by wig makers and neon-sign manufacturers.
Imagine a future historian examining Obama’s pre-presidential life:
2) Pneumonia: An infection or inflammation of the lungs is usually associated with fever, and cough. Chest pain related to pneumonia is common
From Depak Chopra, at Beliefnet.com:
Some are Spanish style with ironwork in the windows and red tile roof tops.
At one point Bloom offers this blunt evaluation, clearly intended as a put-down:I've lived in many places, lots of them foreign countries, but none has been more foreign to me than Iowa.In subsequent paragraphs Bloom cites an overabundance of Germanic surnames and Christian beliefs as a particular source of irritation.
The vehicle was later found in a subway on Lakeside Drive, Northampton at around 5.15am.” The offender was white, aged in his early twenties, 6ft and with broad shoulders and a thin waist. He was wearing a black tracksuit with the hood up.
He put me down for being vegetarian and mocked my passion for obtaining higher education. And yes, he proposed in a sort of “Let’s get married and you can work full-time to support me and my kids,” sort of way.
I am using the Bigz Petite Purse for the first time and really enjoyed making them especially with treats. I added the flowers using the Boho Blossoms punch and using bthe It's a Wrap Holidays.
I was playing with my camera settings while waiting for several people to "walk out of my picture", when suddenly a man yelled at me "stop taking pictures of me". I was absolutely shocked at his tone and tried to explain that I didn't take any pictures of him, that in fact I was waiting for an "empty" scenery, but he went on ranting. In the end, I just ignored him, took my picture - which then was totally uninspired - and walked on.
Others try to differentiate themselves by presentation (Crystal Head for example) but when Beam Inc. introduced low-cal vodka called Skinnygirl following the success of its other “diet” ready-to-drink cocktail line, I had to give it a shot. I bypassed their flavored line (cucumber, tangerine and coconut) and went straight for bare naked or unflavored… To my surprise, it was quite refreshing on the rocks with the usual ever-so-present trace of ethanol note but with minimal other-than impurities, all with 20% less calories. The product also gets thumbs up for its efforts to expand the segment and further differentiate itself by catering to those who are health-conscious (is that an oxymoron?) or at least weight-conscious. While the Skinnygirl gets thumbs up from me, at the end of the day, I prefer my spirits fully leaded…
Rafe bordered on a bit of asshole-ness for a good bit of the text. But he never crossed the line into a territory in which I disliked him, or his decisions. Rafe always seemed to come through in the end. By the time the whole dream-prophesy hits…you’ll be rooting for the guy. Because Rafe has had some drama in his life, made a mistake or two, but he really deserved happiness and so does Gwenyth. You’ll really want them to find that happiness together.
Like a wizard casting:
Add 3.25 gallons water and wort to brew kettle (for a total of around 5.5 gal.), add DME and stir, heat to a boil, add hops at intervals above. At about 15 min. add a 1 tsp of Irish Moss to help with clarity, at about 5 min. left add sugar. After boil is finished let sit for about 20 min. to aid in hop flavor.
5. Now add the cooked masoor dal and bring this to a boil by mixing everything in the pan.
Close-up of the image.
1st Sentence:
our souls are happy
A committee of 22 community members and 11 Halton District School Board staff members has worked over a number of months to come up with the best boundary solution.
So I ask: what is your opinion of the Freemasons and how do you see them?
By this time he had got back to the early Egyptian period, and had actually begun to accomplish things with race memory. The reporters were duly impressed; and when their stories appeared, the reading public got its money's worth. Interest in the subject became so acute that the editor of the paper which carried the first story got the brilliant idea that the remainder of the experiment be put on in a public auditorium, the affair to be sponsored by his newspaper.
‘Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in its lusts. And do not present your members as instruments of unrighteousness to sin, but present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness to God. For sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but under grace.’
Don't get me wrong, I really do enjoy my job and I am so lucky to have it! When I finally accepted that I needed to start working full time I had no idea what I was going to do. I never imagined that I would spend all day talking with librarians, teachers, and parents about children's literature.
As night fell, a lightning storm looming on the horizon provided the fireworks that further sparked our imaginations. We interpreted this moment as a sign, a metaphor, for what we captured in our energy bar. Raw, organic power and a simple, yet finely balanced force; an entire energy system designed to bring life and romance to an otherwise harsh and punishing environment. We had been touched by the Thunderbird and everything that it represents. Um, right.
At 21, what I wanted was to have a job and be in a relationship. There was no savouring of any moment and there was no self discovery involved. It more about the being in a job than what the job was, and more about the relationship than who the relationship was with.
give the gift of these thoughtfully captured moments of the culture, color and details uniquely known to various locations in spain!
"Arnold J. ... ruled that the Motion Picture Association (MPA), supported by the creative industries, has won an order requiring BT to block access to the pirate website Newzbin2. The site makes unlawful copies of films and television programmes, alongside other content from games, publishers and music available without permission in direct violation of a previous court order against it. Around 700,000 members use the Newzbin service generating the operators in excess of £1 million per year. This verdict will prevent the site from using BT’s internet service to make money through copyright infringement.
Today is not the hottest, or warmest, or worst time to be alive, on this wonderful planet. It is arguably the best! The Vostok ice core shows our own interglacial, the Holocene, to be the most temperate, the most stable – like a comfy climactic nest, in fact.
RECIPES COMING SOON..ET VOILA..:)
Then there’s Cecilia Alcott, England’s representative in the academy and a top contender when it comes to piloting an IS who suddenly sets her sights on Ichika in a negative way. Challenging the boy to an IS duel for the right to be Class President, it becomes clear that Ichika might not understand the fundamentals of what and IS is capable of but he has a natural talent for piloting one. Aside from that, his own personal IS – called the Byakushiki – is a powerful piece of hardware that shows its true setting during the duel with Cecilia.
13 Green Eyed Lady 3:35
Saute the Mushrooms
"Oh, it's specificity you seek? That will be $350. Daughter, daughter, bring me my purse!"
Now, this is the one where I nominate.
Meaning to say, our tendency to be greedy, vain, judgmental and other idiosyncratic desires has always been, and will forever be, the bane of our own wellbeing. Which is something many of us fail to realize – we feel automatically cultured and civilized the moment we adopt a certain belief system or way of life, forgetting that its very fundamentals aren’t found essentially in the way we dress, or eat, or greet each other even, for instance.
I hope you all have a wonderful long weekend :)
Under 16 Weekend with camping Full-£80 Discount-£75
4. “The Fund shall be a mandatary of the State.”
Needless to say, by the third hit, the boy had closed his eyes and lost consciousness. It’s not my temper. It’s not my fault. I just cannot stand people who cannot appreciate beauty. It still boggles my mind that some people are about as deep as a puddle of rainwater.
April 20 – Detroit – The Works
I have been wanting to revamp my website for a while, and I have finally begun the process. I am much happier with it, I know it still needs tweaking here and there. I would love to hear your feedback if you so choose to share it...
PG&E Corporation, Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 7
Victoria Connelly's new book is due out on 12th April 2012, and it's called The Runaway Actress. I think the cover looks really fun and bright, and I can't wait to read the book! Somehow I haven't managed to read any of Victoria's books yet so I hope this is the start of many!
This one has been done for almost two weeks, but I was waiting for the big reveal. So, we gave a retiring teacher a quilt that I made for her last night... the one I have been blogging about for a while that has all the names of the children from her classes back to 1997 on it. I started working on it back in January and posted first about it here and then here and then again here. We had a little stressful moment earlier in the week when she told the PTA president that she couldn't come to the meeting to present a student with an award (our ruse to get her to come) because she had plans with a close friend who was coming into town! AHHHH! Her husband swooped in and saved the day; contacted the friend who subsequently fibbed to the teacher about a change of plans and he and the friend and the teacher's daughter all surprised her at the meeting just as we also surprised her with the quilt. I boohoo'ed through the whole little 3 minute speech - it was really quite horrifying. But its over and she loves it and no one minded the tears because they were choked up too. So here it is all FINISHED! It is called "The Ripple Effect".
That also goes for Black Swan, True Grit, and 127 Hours. I was very happy for Christian Bale, whom I could not believe had never won an Oscar (and he looked absolutely fantastic!), and Natalie Portman. She's always gorgeous! And how cool was it that Toy Story 3 was nominated for Best Picture?! An animated film has never been nominated before. So awesome!! I did think it was lame that the Social Network won for score over Hans Zimmer just because of Trent Reznor; that's my only beef with the awards this year.
And by the way it is not lost on me that his incident sounds VERY much like a certain incident that happened in Wasilla to a local black. (Gee maybe the Palin really DO have something they can find to support in Mitt Romney!)
So the idea of writing a book came to be. Though, I will be sharing some of my experiences here (like I always do). Hence, the title of this post.
Sgt Ben Eli waved to Corporal Reich to move towards the hill to the south as he scrambled over the small sand dune and took up position behind a large boulder. "Mahan, hit those bushes with a grenade."
Unfortunately, young people don’t always see the appeal of living in a small town. They’re lured by the restaurants and night life and culture of the city. What they don’t realize is that it’s hard to drive a mini-van to hockey practices when you live in a highrise. It’s hard to be essentially Canadian when your life is reduced to a few stops on the Yonge subway line. The big world isn’t in Toronto; it’s out here.
In this modern era a new trend of online deals for shopping are very popular. If you spend money on beauty and you want to get the best deals on beauty products and you do not know where these discount deals find. The expert advised to look for the best beauty deals online deals. As we know that internet is the treasure of information, products, services and all daily deals.
MYEOV Blog (myeovblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Are you John Galt? If so, where are you and what are you going to do about this?
The realization that my first instinct to a trial is trust instead of panic. Luck? No. A blessing. A miracle. An opportunity for something greater than myself. Maybe what feels like "bad luck" is really "good luck". As a result of the growth process, I come out strong, able, and far beyond "lucky".
As I really have been enjoying my "stamps only" layouts lately (as well as some of you!) I have decided to do it again! Once more the stamps I used are from Waltzing Mouse. I used the brand new "chicken wire" and "heirloom patterns" sets as well as a stamp from the "off beat background" set and the star that come in the "bitty banners" set. All the inks used are from Stampin'up and all the letters are American Crafts stickers and Thickers.
Sara performed exhaustive research: testing marinades, grilling, searing and baking and baking char sui and then making several variations on buns: baked, steamed and vegetarian. You can see all of her work here. I used her alternative marinade without red food colouring or maltose and made the I-don't-want-to-go-to-the-store substitution of Sherry for Shaoxing Cooking Wine. As Sara said grilling gave the best result, I had my Dad work his magic on the pork with a result so beautiful that I was almost sad to dice it to create the filling for the buns.
3. The OCR server translated the TIFF file into data that could be processed digitally. During that process, the image of each letter was translated into a character code that told the computer what type of letter it was. That data was saved as a text file which could be understood by any text processing program. The OCR process was completed by deleting the TIFF file.
By asking questions you will often find your client’s main decision drivers are emotional not logical. Think of you when you bought your last home. You might have seen five houses you liked but why did you buy the one you did? Likely you bought on some emotional basis.
Potassim 294.2 mg
“Operation Twist is widely viewed today as having been a failure, largely due to classic work by Modigliani and Sutch”
This recipe has also been linked to...
-Osho
view my theme at Instagram.
"This man," he announced, "called in sick yesterday!"
It’s not on the peaks (good times-success)
As eager runs the market-crowd,
And an open heart
Health officials in North Carolina are investigating a potential foodborne illness outbreak that may be linked to Ribeyes Steakhouse in Nashville, located about 50 miles northeast of Raleigh, Amy Thomas, a spokeswoman for the Nash County Health department confirmed this afternoon.
The judgment that was subject to the remittitur is the judgment after the
- plain glass or plastic ball ornaments (seems like these are on sale at every craft store right now!)
But it may not be either of these challenges that will bring to an end the entire house of cards that is Mahmoud Abass’s little fiefdom. Just west of the Jordan River a storm is brewing just under the radar of the news cycles. With the loud clashes which continue next door in Syria gaining all the headlines and attention, the slowly building troubles for the continued rule of King Hussein in Jordan are hardly noticed. The rough relations between the Hashemite ruler and his mainly Palestinian Arab population has been simmering ever since their uprising led by Yasser Arafat in September 1970, called Black September, after which Yasser Arafat continued on to completely disrupt Lebanon before being exiled to Tunisia. Where the Palestinian Arab discontent being an accepted norm, one might wonder what has changed that makes the current unrest so ominous. The once loyal Bedouin Tribes are also joining in the demonstrations against King Hussein and the slow to nonexistent reforms in governance which have been promised since before the beginning of the Arab Spring of last year and have slowly been escalating since the changes started to sweep the Arab world. Since King Hussein has depended upon his Bedouin manned Army to enforce order and continue his rule, the fact that this arrangement may be coming upon rough times poses a serious challenge to his continued rule. The one comfort the world can take from this particular roiling pot of troubles is that King Hussein is far more likely to abdicate and take up residence in England or some other location in the West rather than take the route of open confrontation and releasing the Jordanian Army upon his subjects. King Hussein actually cares about his people despite his reluctance and seeming inability to give up any of his power over all parts of the country’s governance.
In the changeover, the new site will most likely become accessible to different folks at different times, because of this. This isn't a bug or a deliberate rolling upgrade, it's just a part of how the core technologies of the internet work.
Evil was winning. I was losing my sanity.
Only another week and a half until we move to our new house. Kind of nervous about it. My boys are VERY destructive. Who am I kidding so is Aspyn. ha ha. But so VERY excited to make new friends for me and the kids. There is literally NOBODY around here. We have lived here for almost 5 years and have only make friends with like 2 families.
“Well, look at the hole in this roof. I can see the dining room, and everyone is eating. Let’s try to get their attention.”
The New Zealand region is about to experience significant climatological events and large-scale geological and tectonic activity. Would be visitors are advised to stay out of the area for the foreseeable future.
So many times in antiquity, the emperors of Persia or other proud empires went to the oracles to ask for advice about going to war. Roman generals summoned soothsayers to read the entrails before a battle. If there was ever a sign for a president and his administration to rethink what they’re doing, this was it. I mean, no sooner had Bush announced that the war was “weeks, not months” away and gone off for a peaceful weekend at Camp David than this catastrophe occurred in the skies over Texas.
But here's the thing about this CD: some tracks have the electronic sound and needlessly complicated arrangement of bad Asian karaoke, some tracks are clearly done by a musical theater major in the tradition of Rachel Barry, and still others, like Humpty Dumpty, seem to be sung by Kenny Loggins (I actually checked the liner notes and the lack of information leads me to believe that it is, indeed, Kenny Loggins).
What's your dream living arrangement?
Tattered Angels Glimmer Mist
Okay, I realize that multiple things I listed do actually take batteries, but I'm talking toys here, not baby gear. I am trying hard to keep those types of toys out of the house, but I know in the long run it will be a futile effort. As a friend told me, the first year people buy cute clothes and books to impress the mom...and starting with the one year birthday people buy loud flashy toys to impress the kid. But until then, hopefully she can survive without Baby's First Singing and Talking Laptop.
I just got home from the Lion in the Sun event—which was so much fun—and I wanted to share with you one of the tips my co-panelists brought up.
equally ludicrous points for the Cock House Cup
He said the cabin was expensively furnished. Breathtakingly beautiful location and the cabin was state of the art made.
So many great ideas running through my head. So much work to be done!
9. write the vision down – get a clear idea of what you’re called to do
Keep posting those blogs that make everyone laugh.
Maureen Farrell – CNN,03/09/2012
The red flower on her breast
Multiple tents and stalls dotted the grounds outside the stadium,but not many people were seen going to them.
Spanish Civil War Below.
I’m still here.
Call me Alvin Ho. I was born scared and I am still scared. And this is my book of scary stories.
With hardly any form, a stiff breeze would have blown it all to bits
All Seasons Place
When it was time, I packed everything I needed and headed over to California to get me some of that revenge I was owed.
In the last post (curse the bad internet fairies for not letting me post this sooner) we showed you how much fun it can be to devote a piece of your day, or perhaps a small fete a day or two before the wedding, to your small attendants. These days, the wee ones are not limited to just one flower girl and ring bearer. If you have many children in your life, and therefore your wedding, taking a bit of time to connect with them right before your moment can work wonders in letting them know how special it is to have them included. It also provides a ridiculous amount of photo op possibility. Trust me on this one!
I’m still under the weather here. I’m reading for a bit then probably going back to sleep. Same headache is creeping back. You know you are gonna’ have a million msgs again if I don’t hear from you soon, ha ha. Hope you are well, miss talking w/you ..
Like I said, I’m planning to videotape every aspect of the audiobook process and put the videos up on the blogs (this blog, at least), and on YouTube. I think I can make a funny little video (or a couple) of how we set up and do the soundproofing and such things. We really don’t know what the hell we’re doing…but we’re pretty excited about it! It might be amusing to watch us for thirty seconds. And that wouldn’t be bad publicity for the audiobooks…right? We’ll test that (the video-ing) out with the Podcastio production too. Unless it’s really awful and embarrassing, so much that I chuck the whole video plan, I’ll post the videos here.
An’ watch beside a loved one’s bed, an’ know that Death is nigh;
No doubt because of his profession, media, journalism, and socialism are linked ideas for Muggeridge, and they become his lens into human sinfulness, especially (in concert with his assessment of the cinema) our willingness to twist reality to our own desires. “People, after all,” he writes, “believe lies, not because they are plausibly presented, but because they want to believe them. So, their credulity is unshakeable” (274). While living as a journalist in Soviet Russia he traveled on a train through the countryside, aware through his sources (and later through personal observation) of the mass starvation occurring outside the cities. However, against these realities, he noted that “These fellow passengers provided my first experience of the progressive elite from all over the world who attached themselves to the Soviet régime, resolved to believe anything they were told by its spokesmen” (212). Those who dared to be critical of the regime—even in Britain—were silenced. Muggeridge writes that “Even Animal Farm, one of the few undoubted works of genius of our time, was rejected by fourteen publishers on the ground that it was too hostile to the Soviet régime, before being accepted. One of the rejectors was T.S. Eliot on behalf of Faber & Faber” (272). The book is replete with examples such as this, many more terrifying in aspect. Despite this, throughout the book Muggeridge doesn’t overstate his ironies; he merely presents them for the absurdities that they are. His ultimate assessment of the era was that a whole host of people,
The parties have agreed to a 10-day negotiation period to begin following the appointment of an arbitrator by the Minister of Labour in accordance with the provisions of the Protecting Air Service Act. Air Canada and the IAMAW will ask that the arbitrator facilitate the negotiations process pursuant to section 31 of the Act that allows for negotiations to take place.
The protocol, privileges and allocations required for the office of President of the Republic shall be set out in a law.
I was born in Texas and raised on the delicious cuisine called Tex-Mex. I live for a basket of salted tortilla chips and a homemade salsa with a surprise of spice. I crave cheese-laden enchiladas. I need refried beans twice a month. Did you know the first margarita machine was made in Dallas and now resides in none other than the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History? Miami isn’t quite as flush with Mexcian food as Los Angeles and Dallas, so I usually make what I’m craving instead.
Well, the papers have been signed, the details worked out and all the t's crossed and i's dotted. It has been over a year since we separated and we finally have a separation agreement. Now all there is left to do is wait for the final divorce to be granted and work out how we move on and try to parent our kids. We are so very different in our approaches that I don't see this being an easy thing.
* Geoscientists
She and I had breakfast (bowls of cereal) and then talked about what we were going to do that day. Her mom had attended Eckerd College as an undergrad, and she wanted to go see the school. We had also talked about going to eat at Ted Peters' Famous Smoked Fish earlier in the week. After talking for less than five minutes, it was decided that she and I would go visit both the college, and then ask the rest of our spring break roommates if they wanted to join us for lunch at Ted Peters'. Once the other two girl roommates woke up, they told us they also wanted to join us at the college. Neither of the guys were too interested in the college, so the four of us set out to go look at Eckerd College.
diligent search and provided reasonable attribution to the author and copyright owner, then the recommended amendment would limit the remedies available in that infringement action in two primary ways: first, it would limit monetary relief to only reasonable compensation for the use, with an elimination of any monetary relief where the use was noncommercial and the user ceases the infringement expeditiously upon notice. Second, the proposal would limit the ability of the copyright owner to obtain full injunctive relief in cases where the user has transformed the orphan work into a derivative work like a motion picture or book, preserving the user’s ability to continue to exploit that derivative work. In all other cases, the court would be instructed to minimize the harm to the user that an injunction might impose, to protect the user’s interests in relying on the orphan works provision in making use of the work.
Carl Bozeman: Gandhi instructed us to “be the change you want to see in the world.” How does the world become enlightened when all we need to do is focus on ourselves? Can you explain how our own “singular” enlightenment translates into global enlightenment?
Translated by Dr Wang Shunning of the Department of Philosophy, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Published in English in the Lampeter Review, Issue 4
I’m driving a little old woman
Today we are featuring BUG BUDDIES 1 and BUG BUDDIES 2 by Emilie Goulet and you are gonna LOVE them!!
As the truth sinks in and our sense of gratitude is awakened afresh, we also ask that God make us alert to injustice in our world or even in our marriages or families or church, helping us to avoid the indifference to injustice that the religious leaders of Jesus’ day showed.
Radley Metzger delivers an artistic, soft-core sex film, with beautiful actors and sensual sex scenes. Though this DVD release is not rated, it’s important to note that this movie initially earned an “X” rating (for adults only), and what lifts Score above porn is the artistic approach and sensuality that exudes from nearly every aspect of the movie. There are graphic sexual scenes for both men and women, heterosexual and homosexual alike. With a great mix of sex and comedy, Score is a perfect example of “high class eroticism”. This genre is all but dead today in the US, but this DVD release has the potential to introduce a whole new audience to this type of artistic, soft-core, erotic comedy.
... mom wants me to mention that shadows distort, that dad really isn't two feet taller than mom, and of course, that shadows add 20 lbs ... I 'm just repeating this because I really want that treat she has in her hand ;)
However, one of the byproducts your body creates by breaking down aspartame is formaldehyde, which is extremely toxic to your health even in very small dosesvii. Furthermore, in a search of PubMed.gov, the U.S. National Library of Medicine, which has over 11 million medical citations, neotame fails to include any double-blind scientific studies on toxicity in humans or animals. If neotame was indeed completely safe to ingest, you would think the NutraSweet Company would have published at least one double-blind safety study in the public domain?
This first project is a tag that I was playing with. I used the Watercolor Distress technique from Technique Junkies on the tag background, and then I stamped the swirls from the Relish Reading set. I cut out my favorite Miss from the Milliner Misses set and added her to the side. The sentiment, also from Milliner Misses, is stamped at the bottom.
and supporting mine.
However, the most recent images taken by amateur astronomers have revealed the lower stripe known as the Southern Equatorial Belt has disappeared leaving the southern half of the planet looking unusually bare.
3And ever-musing melancholy reigns;
an advisor to Jesuit-trained 33rd Degree Freemason and Skull&Bones
#100: WMU Concerto Competition Recital. Of the entire music school at Western Michigan University, only three soloists are selected to perform a concerto (backed up by the orchestra) as part of the annual concert. And Ishtar was one of them! Since I’d heard him practice the Sibelius Violin Concerto for almost a year now, I was excited to hear it with the other instruments added in. Although, the best part of the concert for me was overhearing a bunch of old men behind me, who apparently knew everything about Ishtar’s life history (and even some made up parts like “I hear he had a really rough life” … hahah, puh-leaze). Back on track: Ishtar was absolutely phenomenal, and it was also nice to see my Kalamazoo friends again! I wish I had a video, but I only have this picture, which I stole from Facebook.
Fast forward to last saturday and me running down the streets of Coronoa, flip flops flapping, back pack bouncing, calling Gabe's name as I recognized his well-over six foot tall frame heading down the road. Though I had approached today with some hesitation, immediately when he said hello, (me standing on tip toes, Gabe crouching down), I felt it again, that slight moment where you body is trying to tell you something like give it a real shot. Given my recent thoughts on "the leap" and "trust me", I tried my best to knock down some of my walls and give into the day(te). We rounded the corner and came upon the unassuming brick building that was once the house of a great jazz master legend.
darling Grandpa Meyer, but it was the
So all I managed to pick up were a pack of two sleep suits, But I may use them for the day time since there so jazzy and colourful.
From a different perspective, namely that of law makers and enforcers, this idea is pure genius and because of that is promoted frequently and consistently in nearly all modern propaganda, including media and educational institutions. If you want something done, give someone the power to force it to happen. Those who want certain things done get to feel like something is getting done without doing much themselves, and those who want the power get what they want and usually have no liability or accountability to balance their power. The more we try to solve with force, no matter how legitimate it might seem, the more force and centralized power we'll get as a result.
Greta Gaines (nashville) "
And I do not know where I am going.
Fifi loves me and trusts me. She trusts me enough to have me there assisting with her delivery. But the funniest thing happened this morning. As I was sitting on the floor directly beside her, I scooped up one of the kittens and had it in my hand. Fifi immediately sat up, and grabbed her baby by the back of the neck and put it back with it's siblings and layed back down cuddling her babies. She didn't want me holding her baby!. I can pet them while they are with her, but I can't pick it up.
In ICS, Android no longer requires a separate password to protect the system credential storage. Rather, it uses the screen lock password for this purpose, and the Android Device Administration API can be used for central policy enforcement. This means, for example, that the screen lock password can’t be removed as long as the secured credentials remain on the device.
I EAT PASTRY WITH PASSION
So I was just not in the best frame of mind to do a 10 K walk. I was also sad to see that there were less walkers than usual. And altho there were some interestingly decorated bras there was just not the usual array of originality (I even saw one group who had copied our idea from last year - guess imitation is a form of flattery?). Later today I will post the few photos I have.
(Don't you love happy endings?)
let me go on...
Overall, it’s a show that demonstrates Thornton’s skill, his fast-but-bearable pace, and his lightning quick ability to make any situation work in his favour.
Join us to let Tony Ball know what we think of his ‘achievements’ at Dale Farm.
We also came to realise that while we thought we were good drivers we were not all that good and one should not speed with a poorly maintained vehicle. The outside appearance and available power is worthless, even dangerous, if the driver cannot handle the car and is not experienced in high-speed driving. This is the case with South Africa.
I have used the Holly Berry Bouquet papers to to make both cards .
By Amanda Bland
lest we be too sensitive to censure. Let us reckon that to have the
But for some reason I didn't.
From this terrain sprang the hymn Vexilla regis (The Royal Banners of the King, used in Passion week) written by the Christian poet, Venantius Fortunatus, that exalts Christ who reigns from the height of the Cross – a throne of love and not of dominion: Regnavit a ligno Deus (God has reigned from the tree). Indeed, already during his earthly life, Jesus warned: “Whoever wishes to be great among you must be your servant, and whoever wishes to be first among you will be the slave of all. For indeed, the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve and to give his life as a ransom for many” (Mk 10,43-45).
Last time I had a Keratin treatment done it took HOURS so I told Justin that I would just eat at work before the appointment then see him back at the apartment around 8.
So why is it a draw? Because I’m such a wuss, the ninth mouth, and I still can’t decide.
And we did – 7!, to be exact.
And if you can’t work together, there’s most definitely not any app to solve it.
The luck of the Irish. Might be the time to head out and kiss that Blarney Stone.
I’m going to take some time to look at the little word ‘if’ and some of the if statements in the Bible. I think as I bring them up, you will find yourself realizing how many times we have ignored this little guy, yet should pay all the attention in the world. It could mean the difference of life and death, right and wrong, receiving and not.
Let’s start with the ball pens. I am very particular with ball pens. I don’t like gel pens or like sign pens (although I use sign pens for “special occasions” usually for poetry or for notebooks with thick nice paper, which are usually cheap ass imitations of moleskin notebooks. As long as they have no lines, and the paper is smooth and thick, in my mind that’s like moleskin even if it’s really not). I like pens that have a smooth feel. I don’t like pens that feel like they are scratching the paper. I like pens that glide smoothly across the page. I do not like G-tech pens. I have a list of favorite pens that I used to buy in the Philippines. They are: star pentel, faster, faber castel, and pilot. There’s one more ball pen that I like, but I forgot what it’s called. It’s like cheap. My favorite is star pentel, but I also like to use pilot ball pens when there’s a ‘special occasion.’ What’s a ‘special occasion’? I don’t really have a set of rules. I just have a feeling that I want this writing session to be special.
(i) Author unable to give the names,
Will the midwest determine which candidate is FETA ?
If you treat dogs like people then you shouldn't be surprised to find yourself treating people like dogs.
Sure, there's the legislative process, elections of representatives, and there are the courts after, but it's quite clear we are on the razor's edge. The laws keep getting proposed, ballot initiatives are introduced and passsed, there are plenty of justices, even on the Supreme Court, that would happily rule in favor of un-Constitutional laws for their own ideological reasons. I don't think it's unreasonable to say we shouldn't have to wait for the laws to go into effect to expect a remedy. It's one thing to say, "abortion should be illegal and marriage of one man to one woman should be the only recognized domestic legal union because God says so," and another to propose legislation along these lines.
"Here I go. There's no turning back! My great adventure has begun!"
I walk with you and listen to your gentle voice, encouraging without advice.
However, Republicans have turned the ‘Forward’ motto on its head with the Republican National Committee creating the trending Twitter hashtag #Foward.
Nevertheless, this week’s double bill was worth waiting for I’m glad, actually, that BBC4 is showing this programme in two-episode chunks like this, not least because I found episode three a little slow going, in contrast to the pace and drama of the opening two. I think this was down to a couple of things. For one, it is clear now that this show is pretty complex, with a huge number of characters and plot strands. As with many of the Scandinavian crime shows we’re seen across here, this not just a linear whodunnit but something a fair bit more interesting and rich. It takes some getting used to and I don’t know if the writers can successfully bring it all together in the end, but for now I’m happy to watch the tapestry unwrap. Episode three was putting in place the groundwork for future storylines, bringing in Anja, the troubled teen with dreadful parents, and introducing the theme of police corruption (ruptured eyes – yuck!). This meant we didn’t get to spend much time with Martin and Saga which was a little disappointing but made up for, in part, by a few flashes of Saga-tastic dialogue.
where to hike, wheere to camp, where to bathe, where to climb. We see signs
'cause the whole world's got to be just like us.
8. Bake for about 15 minutes or until the top starts getting bubbly and brown (you know what to look for!)
product form. Attempts at innovation ensued, and ultimately guaranteed level premium
Standing in the candy aisle at Wal-Mart, I gave her the short, skinny version. And you know what? She understood. She totally got the picture of what happened to us. And she told me that she would pray for us.
What would you wear?
Indie vs Traditional: When it comes to reading and reviewing books, we don’t discriminate between independently published eBooks, small press printings, and traditional on-the-shelf novels. If it catches our attention, we’ll give it a go. What this means, though, is that we have the same picky standards, no matter what we’re reading. It also means that few indie books are picked up and reviewed; there’s stiff competition for our attention, and only so many hours of sleep we can trade-off for a good read.
I hope you are all have a great weekend
George was paid to be the returning officer in Cariboo for the Federal election in 1882 – one of 5 in BC. He advertised a Portable Sawmill for sale in Barkerville in 1883, for Mr Robert Tatlow of Victoria (Tatlow was a real estate and insurance businessman who had been private secretary to the Lieutenant Governor, Richards, and who later moved to Vancouver).
13. Millard Fillmore wasn’t really the first president to have a bathtub installed in the White House. The actual answer is more complicated. See the link below under “Additional Sources.” He was, however, a member of three political parties during his lifetime: Anti-Masonic (1828-1832); Whig (1832-1856, including his presidency of 1850-53); and American (1856-1860).
Email:info@kohatonline.tk
Portraits in banners and posters: The revolution involved nationalist, socialist and Islamist ideals as depicted by key political figures like Ayatollah Khomeini and Muhammed Mussadeq (picture 1). Over time, the number of images representing Ayatollah Khomeini took on such an important role that it almost overshadowed the role people themselves played in fighting for their liberation (picture 2). Picture 3 metaphorically stands for people’s total identification with Khomeini, where individuals completely disappear behind the transcendental figure of the leader who has become a symbol of order and clarity.
Carl has also been recognized by the Aero/Astro Department at MIT as one of sixteen exceptional graduates under the age of 35.
*Ice cube trays
Soon pen, pencil and paper will also be against her!
Yow MD, Demmler GJ. Congenital cytomegalovirus disease: 20 years is long enough. N Engl J Med 1992; 326: 702-703.
Why do they know how to use it?
Something struck a chord in Paul’s mind. Her brain had exploded? That was the exact word the article had used. So why would this story be sent to his mind?
Compass’ operations are not simply limited to the provision of tasty and affordable meals; their ultimate goal is to meet the dietary requirements of their customers on a case-by-case basis. For example, their corporate based services are aimed at “refreshing tired minds and refueling the productivity of people at work” while their educational based services are aimed at “helping boost the concentration of young minds at school and college”. It is this unique emphasis on meeting the specific nutritional needs of their diverse customer base that has helped distinguish Compass from it closest competitors.
1/2 gallon of water
It is rmended that before move at any paper spirited in a cards or an online cards that you follow a few guardianship to ply adjudicate the skills of the other players.
In March last year, the government scrapped plans to buy two private jets to fly the prime minister and the Royal Family around the world, citing cost and environmental reasons.
1 3/4 cup cashews
Basically, I realized that it was an important issue to me, I knew nothing about it, and I wanted to become informed so Nick and I could make an educated decision for Logan.
And all the times it left me stranded thumbing all over town
Box Includes: Visor Clip, Car Charger (Micro USB), and documentation in English, Spanish, and French.
Still, I am reborn. I am one. But not yet finished. Not yet complete.
Hi everyone! Let me start out by saying I am so sorry, but typepad seems to be having some technical difficulties so The Sampler has been unable to get the challenge post uploaded. Keep an eye out as I am sure it will be soon.
If it’s cynical to look truth in the face and exercise common sense in the affairs of life, then certainly I’m a cynic and odious if you like.’
4 march - Kaserne - Basel, Switzerland
We have wider streets but more narrow points of view.
Me: Really? Is that all?
We’ll all race out to the bus. I’ll arrive too early panicked that we won’t get our stuff in time and then have 35 minutes to warm-up, stretch a little and get in the groove.
juice from 1 meyer lemon
All is not well. You would know that if we were friends (which we are certainly NOT, thank the gods), or even acquaintances on good terms.
Finished objects have been noticable by their absence here in recent months. This is because I have been working on a secret project for a special birthday present. You may recall the strip of Celtic knotwork from Alice Starmore's St Brigid, which appeared some time ago here.
“Especially when the Christmas is coming, they need more help.
extraordinary experience from a false one. The Lord responded that
In fact, this is not the first time we've heard such an announcement and I give it less cred than the initiative from Planetary Resources, by some distance. Still, the coincidence in timing... plus a number of fascinating technologies that I saw while attending (as an advisor) the recent NASA Innovative and Advanced Concepts workshop ... lead me to wonder. Is our time of disappointment in space coming to an end?
Lately I’ve realised I don’t feel I’ve much to say about who I am or what defines me. Yes ok I’m a busy lady, working full time, running gospel choirs, teaching, training and being involved in other activities. Those are the surface things in my life ~ they tell you what I do every day, how I’m committed and involved with people. My actions suggest that I have a heart the size of the ocean and some cannot fathom why I do, all that I do. What makes me who I am?
58 Brave New World – Aldous Huxley*
This would make a fabulous side dish for any meal, especially Thanksgiving dinner. Even though I am not in Canada, I will be celebrating over here in Denmark this weekend with plenty of Plenty, and of course, Spicy Roasted Broccoli with Almonds.
We figure when baby bird season is over, we can clean the windows.
Am I another souvenir that he must leave behind?
Preheat oven to 375°.
Sudan, provides that Nigeria will be
No street name just a number. No one knew her on this confusing street, with a discombobulated, mishmash feel to it. This new environment was what Mo's dad considered to be “The land of opportunity.” Basically, he got a good deal on an old restaurant that some guy abandoned, leaving behind an old smeared apron hanging from a hook.
If you think the only way to capture Kony and his lieutenants is by deploying United States Special Operations forces, congratulations! You’re Kenneth Roth, the Executive Director of Human Rights Watch!
Hat fucking huge hat tip to flyingwarpigs for this story of the day. As well as the fine cuntstoppers pic. calling this inbred, bovine faced harpie a cunt.BBC Pravda reports....Anthony Weaver, from Holborn in London, has applied for a summons before a district judge in Jacqui Smith's constituency in Redditch, Worcestershire.
their weight pressing small silvered discs into blue velvet.
I was laying out a large piece, today and the fiber was just getting all fly-away and disturbed. Well, it's pretty cool and rainy so I'm wearing long sleeves, so I thought," What harm can putting the loose ends up my sleeve to keep it away from the table?"
He herds them into the bathroom and I hear it all, sounds blended together, echoing the way things do in a bathroom. Fed through these wires, amplified and distorted, the decibles rise and fall with a pitch that spikes in screeches and what sounds like some major squall. If I was new to this house, I might put my work on hold to race up there and see what's going on. But I live here. I know. This is earsplitting -- but nothing, really.
Welcome to the Scrap365 June 2012 Issue Sketch Challenge.
his lens did locate, light, and grow.
From my vantage point on the ground, it looked like NYPD had things well under control. I left the scene before the situation was resolved. But by the time I did leave, there was an officer on either side of Stunt Boy as all three conversed on the outer ledge of the walking path.
SAN JUAN PR
#18. friends who blog
The saboteurs at the Times provided secret details into the Bush administration’s use of subpoenas to gather large troves of data from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), a Belgium-based consortium that handles international bank transfers. Financial data is used to identify terrorists before they get a chance to kill. It is an eminently sensible program, and one that has reaped rewards.
I have heard that the one area where jobs are still available is healthcare and I believe it. This is particularly true because much of the U.S. population is aging.
O wretched man that I am!
by CHITI SAHIB
Peter St
Romania you say? Never been. Nothing against. Oh, except they are ALL a bunch of SCHEMING, CONNIVING THIEVES!!!
with bravery and grace.
Is it you and your partner who wants the kids out of your bed, or is it your favorite aunt (the same one who had your cousins crying-it-out at the age of four months in their own cribs in their own rooms) passing passive-aggressive judgment on you for your sleeping practices? Are you embarrassed or inconvenienced about breastfeeding your toddler in public, or is it that your sister is rolling her eyes and starting the same (judgmental) conversation again when you need to take five on a mall bench to feed your two-year-old? It’s questions just like these that Bialik challenged us parents to honestly answer for ourselves and our kids so we can parent the best way possible – and judgment-free – in the sling and beyond.
For over a decade, Duma Video has been the low latency, low power MPEG-2 & H.264 encoder & decoder leader for demanding military, industrial, live broadcast, IPTV and IP streaming, Microwave/RF, and multiscreen application markets. We feature a robust, flexible FPGA-based design, supporting up to 1080p60 resolution. Our compact design fits two boxes side by side in a 1U rack, and can be customized to fit up to four. Our product features front panel control, a large high resolution screen, & video playback monitor. Available as hardware & IP. We are looking for distributors.
I'm going to start by using white people as my "autistic group" because it's less commonly done that way and maybe I'll insult less people - I don't know.
Happiness Always,
The FJP was an early critic of the crackdown on the NGOs (although it also said Egyptian NGOs should get their funding from Egyptians). But threats to cut U.S. aid appear to have rallied various factions behind the government, feeding into long-held suspicion of and hostility towards the West.
Whereas a six-month plan could promote a more moderate and sustainable change of life-style.
It’s something I have found myself doing in work too. My to-do list will be full of the things I would like to get done that day, but realistically I don’t know where I will find the time, so inevitably some things always get pushed back. So I rarely leave work feeling completely satisfied with what I have achieved that day.
It was banned by the BBC and on mainstream stations. It still however managed to sell by the track load but ‘somehow’ managed to peak only at number 2 in the charts. It was kept off top spot by Rod Stewart’s ‘I don’t wanna talk about it’. Loverly.
Black Milk is still a small company, their production and collections don’t come out as quickly as F21 can churn out knockoffs from their sweat factories (whoops! Did I say that?). This means a lot of their products are sold out by the time you save up enough money to purchase. But if you’re really interested in something, you can keep checking back to see if they re-stocked or even came up w/more interesting patterns. I’m still hoping for a Power Rangers body suit – but I guess a cotton tank dress will suffice.
The Iron King starts off with us being introduced to Megan's super-drab life down in a small town in Louisiana. She's largely invisible to everyone--to her stepfather Luke, at school, and has only one friend, Robbie, who pulls endless pranks on her. But it turns out Robbie's actually Robin Goodfellow, AKA Puck, the same one from, yep, A Midsummer's Night Dream. And when Meghan's little brother's replaced by a faery changeling, Meghan has no choice but to turn to him to guide her into the faery world so she can retrieve her bro. And that's not even it, Meghan's birth daddy happens to be the friggin' KING of the faery world, which makes Meghan a faery-human hybrid. As far as birthday surprises go, this one probably gets the award for Most-Shockingly-Effed-Up-Life-Revelation-Bearing.
Apparently even childless people can have wicked awesome parental instincts.
Cut the pages, and glue them onto the blue - trying my best to center them and only mildly failing towards the end. Once dry, pop the whole deal into the frame.
Tonight, as Steve prepared dinner, I got out one of my vintage table cloths to set the table.
Maintaining the Societal Status Quo
4 Fire works
Step 2: Add peanut butter to butter mixture and mix well.
I have most of Venexiana’s recordings of Monteverdi now – I can’t listen to their Gesualdo madrigals if I’m alone in the house or it’s late at night: darker secular material you just won’t find – and each time I hear them I find a new layer of enjoyment and musicality in the listening and the performance alike. They really are a treasure of the contemporary baroque scene and I can’t recommend their performances highly enough. When will they come to London?
It's later now, and here's an update. This is the resulting Grumpy column of me becoming a loose cannon...
Unfortunately she shines all the more in contrast with her surroundings. To be fair, musicals aren’t this company’s main thing. As they admit in their program notes, they began mounting them in the 1980s to pay bills when they couldn’t draw audiences for the work they actually cared about. The problem is, to do something well, it HAS to be your main thing, the thing you love most in the world, every detail must matter. The production as a whole is a community theatre style cornucopia of dropped lines, leisurely entrances, shaky singing voices, and the damnedest collection of rummage-sale oddments for sets, costumes and props. On one side of the set, the Countess noted, was a birdcage full of garbage. At one point, the romantic lead tripped and fell down (and he wasn’t even dancing at the time)! Part of the problem must be that Vann, though one of the best in the cast for acting if not for singing, is also the director. There is definitely a sense of split focus and too-much-bitten-off, of no one at the helm. Symptoms of exhaustion are rampant. (Note: Vann is also the company’s artistic director and she’s been at it for 41 years. Doubtless she has a constituency of fans who’ll overlook the faults and loyally cheer the company on, and I consider such loyalty legitimate. As a latecomer to the party, I can’t help but come with a different perspective). Still, you won’t get many chances in your life to see this musical. The current production is up through the end of the month. For more details, go here.
The House committee probing Porngate has planned the first meeting in another four days. The committee headed by Gadag MLA Bidarur Srishailappa Virupakshappa (BJP) will go ahead with the probe even though three members from the opposition parties have boycotted it.
Lt. Kevin W. Donnelly, 43, New York, N.Y.
“One wrong choice can have lifelong consequences,” Chris says, now released from prison and on 17 years probation. “Consequences that you’ll never be able to undo.”
26All the towns of the rest of the families of the children of Kohath were ten with their grass-lands.
1/3 cup of water
I’m not forgoing the internet, but I will be on it less than I am now, even for writing purposes. I will be using pen and paper (feel free to gasp in horror), and of course getting air and exercise. I’m pale as paper, and while I don’t tan, I could certainly do with more colour than I have now. If I didn’t have dark eyes and hair, you’d think I had a medical condition of some sort. Sun screen will be a must on my outdoor excursions.
I just really like this ole tree...and the water there is really pretty. It will be until it gets warmer and humans start camping out and throwing trash in it T_T
After releasing two landmark albums (the Jon English-produced Four Moments and the second, 1976′s Windchase) the band split – Millo moving onto great success with soundtrack and production work.
Newly transferred detective, Michael Delaney, is on surveillance at the sea. Rumors have circulated that a Mexican Kingpin and his brother, who evaded capture when their drug compound was toppled by a U.S. DEA agent, are out for revenge. It’s Michael’s assignment to find them before they can identify the agent who has turned civilian and resides in one of the California desert cities.
A French “exotic dancer” has been causing a stir in Australia. In a land where naked Sheilas are generally applauded, Alizee Sery has been winning hearts and loins all over the rugged continent. The miners and sheep-shearers were particularly impressed by the exhibition of her art.
My sister
I agree, along with everyone else, that this is a great novel. It has kept me up late at night saying things like “wow,” “damn,” “what the f#&k?!” I went through various emotions while reading. Sometimes it got so intense that I had to put the novel aside and remind myself to breathe and that it’s just a story.
none of us
2) Distribute half the cards to each player.
I also discovered that with the help of the inspired words from Kim Klassen in Beyond Layers, my selfies have taken on a new meaning. I am expressing my self-discovery photographically.
:: held babies that aren't mine and felt amazing amounts of love...
Leave to get cold. As the jars are cooling you will hear a popping sound , this is the top sucking in, your sign the jar has sealed and is airtight. If you don't get this, and to be honest I didn't with one jar the first time simply repeat the 5 minute simmer step. I realised after the first fail it was because I had not twisted the cap on tightly, simmering to get an airtight seal on a jar you have not closed properly is an exercise in futility....
"In the summer of 1919 crowds, indignant about recent price increases, invaded the shops, looted goods and insisted on price reductions. Mussolini and his fasci proclaimed their solidarity with the rioters. The "Popolo d'Italia" suggested that it would set a good example if some profiteers were strung up on lamp-posts and some hoarders smothered under the potatoes and the sides of bacon they were hiding".
The event was on point, from the people, the music and the atmosphere. The girls were looking fly as always, nails done, hair done and regardless of the weather, you know Pheli girls always go SHORT, not forgetting Magents looking all handsome in their coats and cardies.
Thanks for reading and following and I'm open to any suggestions of something you'd like to see here. I'm thinking of doing a "Friday Finds" where I just share neat tips or things I've found. That might still include neat Etsy shops, but will include other things too.
Quick question, I noticed that your middle daughter isn't wearing her glasses - I only notice this because my 5-year-old has recently begun to wear glasses (September '07), but school pictures had passed. Do you give her the choice about pictures with or without glasses? - juneau poole party of 4
21. Gavin Bryars - My First Hommage
And now for the roll call, lots of fun things this week too.
And even if my house falls down,
The 2008 version of the Management Studio is not a stand alone installation and can only be installed as part of the SQL Server 2008 Express with Tools or Advanced installation.
“He was a little discouraged by that,” Lamaide said.
“As the mother of a three-year-old boy who has spent the past 18 months fighting against leukaemia, I find the above billboard offensive and upsetting,” the complainant, identified only as J Condin, wrote.
The characters are all very solid and real. For the story revolving entirely around children, it didn't feel childish or silly at any point. A lot of science and knowledge was thrown in because of one nerdy character; hope and love and worry were projected by another. They all had their roles and were connected to each other in simply beautiful ways.
I start my morning commute from my temporary abode in Monongah, West Virginia. Monongah is about 2 hours south of Pittsburgh. After you get off of the interstate at Fairmont, you drive 10 minutes on a road that runs along a creek. I often visualize driving into that creek after a freezing rain. I guess sliding would be a better word. It would be so easy. But, it is through the woods and you do get to drive past Captain Boothes grave. That is important because he haunts the damn place. If you don’t believe me, drive on out there some night at midnight. You will see him. He’ll be easy to spot…well, because he would be the ghost.
~ Cristina Carlino
Forest City Ratner's funding of BUILD helps people get job training, but that funding is made possible--indirectly--by significant government subsidies to the developer. Forest City Ratner just got another $31 million in cash for property acquisition. That frees up a lot of money for the questionable CBA.
A new bishop is threatening to close St. Isadore’s school, bringing unsettling Church reforms into her world, just as Agatha is on the brink of retirement. All her life, Agatha has had her faith in the Catholic Church to keep her company, had its rituals and traditions to guide her. Can her life be coming apart at the seams, just as it seems to have passed her by?
And what did I see I had not seen before?
Two new vendors will be present - New Brew and NH20. New Brew will be bringing non alcoholic malted beverages served warm. Coffee infused, naturally sweet and earthy, and chocolate cinnamon will be offered. NH20 is crystal clear water harvested on the 282 acre Sunny Slope Farm in Alton. This product was awarded best of NH for 2010.
I know, I'm so old-school, I should be tweeting my life in a 140 characters except that I have a LOT to say.
“You’re too fat and well dressed to be an apprentice after patronage so you must be here to beg a favour, and when your kind says hello, it tends to take a while. No, shut up.”
Copyright 2012 by Letizia Mancino
6. Patatín Patatán (2:39)
5. Draw (and label) two of the three story structures Harrower talks about in Chapter 3.
So, in case someone else needs one for a project, I did a quick little tutorial on how I did it.
i'll see you around...
He looked at me, then, with that same, sad little smile I’d seen on Dad’s face the day he left. He reached over and tousled my hair, and said, “You’re a tough one, kid. I think you’ll do all right in this life.” I smiled back at him, not really sure what to say, and for some reason, suddenly just a little insecure. Dave kept looking at me, or maybe through me, until he seemed to come to some sort of decision. His eyes refocused and he snapped back to the present. “Tell you what, scamp,” he said jumping to his feet. “I’m going to run over to the 7-Eleven and get us a couple more sodas, K? A day like today needs cold beverages, right?”
One thing I've seen is some speculation by some with some technical knowledge (but not real expertise) that is self-reinforcing, psychologically. That is, once one has a scenario in mind, the mind tends naturally to look for information to validate that particular scenario, and downplays most information that suggests other possibilities.
Courtney is a long-term volunteer from the US working as a Field Assistant for Brigades in the HPHA National Office.
The new grain partnership I'm aware of on this island has three members who have bought a used combine. Say what you will about using fossil fuels in farming but unless you are a gifted scyther with a lot of energy in September - right after the wheat is ripe and just before the rains come - you pretty much need some mechanization to produce the harvest before it rots. In the case of the partnership, the combined acreage should be large enough that, provided the crop is clean enough and of good quality ... and considering that it will be organic, they will be able to realize a decent profit. Everyone else has their work cut out for them.
The biggest flaw of the movie is that it never fully invests in its violent nature. I really don’t blame the film for this because this was my biggest qualm with the novel. The idea of modern day gladiator games is brutal and when you throw children in there it is just downright disgusting. The problem is that the book only touched the surface of its own ugly idea and the film dares not to tests the source material by making a more violent movie. I heard some people complain that the film should have been rated R and I understand why but they don’t understand what they are asking for. The tone of the movie matches that of the book well and with an R rating, the film wouldn’t have been able to keep that tone. The movie is violent and there are some scenes that walk that line between teen and adult but for the most part the film is pretty tame compared to the promise of it’s plot. It is violent and is occasionally horrible but I’d more scared of those crazy kids in Lord of the Flies than I would of the children of Panem.
I think The Friend Zone gets a bad rap starting in High School, when boys and girls are first starting to figure out the whole dating, boyfriend/girlfriend thing. Those first sexual encounters are a Big Deal, confusing, scary, thrilling and wild. Hormones are running rampant, and I think girls use The Friend Zone to help them sort through the confusing time. Of course, on the other side of the equation, hormones have turned boys into a throbbing bundle of need. Sex is all they can think about, so naturally getting put in the FZ is a fate worse than death.
Who loves CBS Sunday morning? Whenever I’m home visiting my parents, we sit in the sunny living room, drinking coffee while watching this show. Usually the stories are interesting and we cannot tear ourselves away. Yesterday’s edition was all about the Presidents and the White House, and it was fascinating. Here is some of my new presidential knowledge, thanks to CBS.
"Who? Where?" I say.
1 Intro / I Hate This Song
Whether I love or hate a set, I still go after the guys I collect.
Cody Griffin walks out to “I will Survive” which I believe is by Gloria Gainger. I laughed, but it was the oddest walkout song I’ve ever heard. Conversely, Bobby Brents walks out to a hard core rap song which is being sung live by an impressive duo. I thought it was a recording, but then relized these guys were wrapping on a microphone. It sounds awesome, and the crowd is going NUTS!
Andallu B, Radhika B.
because in their typical African arrogance they thought it could never happen to them. They felt hurt and insulted by their brother for equating the Marxist-Leninist ANC "democracy" with Tyranny, while tens of thousands of people in the Marxist-Leninist run New SA had been murdered since 1994. This IS a tyranny!. The Marxist-Leninist ANC Regime has stood back for almost two decades while their cadres continued murdering tens of thousands of people, as they had done during the Apartheid years. They thought everyone would just sit back and allow this anarchy to continue, as in the rest of this corrupt cursed
Dear Diary,
He was starting to consider the possibility that Greer had called out sick just to start his weekend early when he heard a shuffling sound on the other side of the door. Jacobs again waited expectantly. When the door still didn’t open he knocked again. This time more forcefully. Indescribable noises came from the other side of the door followed by a crash.
As a result, this novel will come across to most people as confusing and messy with laughs that are few and far between. Despite its short length (a tad over 300 pages) it is a difficult read that makes it hard to care about anybody or anything. You may also need to backtrack to remind yourself of what happened to this character before. It also seems to lack overall direction at times with little asides into separate short stories.
I bought the stool at an antique shop, spray painted it cream and recovered the top.
(3) There is also the question of the Little Apocalypse, Mark 13 and its parallels. Even men like Schweitzer, who interpret our Lord’s teaching on purely apocalyptic lines, accept the view that this discourse contains matter which Jesus did not utter.
The parliamentary attacks on women’s rights has drawn great criticism from women’s organizations, who dismissed the calls and accused the MPs of wishing to destroy the little gains Egyptian women attained after long years of organized struggle.
“There are six of them,” Pete relayed what he had seen. “They seem to be well-armed and well-trained. They’re about 40 yards east in the direction of the machine shed.”
Have a Blessed weekend
Michael Dunnagan can’t blame Annie for her anger, because he feels it too. Why would God save a street rat while a good man like Owen died? Bound by a promise to Owen, Michael is determined to make Owen’s aunt and uncle’s farm a success and bring Annie to America.
Undoubtedly the period of greatest danger was 1994-1999 with Mandela's popularity at its zenith. In that period the ANC found many white admirers and members, often well-educated and well-connected folk so that a new sort of pro-ANC political correctness was very much in vogue at dinner party tables. Thabo Mbeki and Essop Pahad repeatedly tried to pull the press into an alliance with the government.
Serious Doubts Raised About Veracity of Home Office, Crime Opportunity Theory, Situational Crime Prevention and Crime Science Claims that Target Hardening Property Does Not Displace Crime. Moreover, Evidence used to Create Diffusion of Benefits Hypothesis Seriously Called into Question.
Well, if I'm being terribly honest, it is more of a collaboration of sorts. The universe opens up opportunity, and I work my butt of to take advantage of that opening. In writing, for sure, but also in relationships with other writers.
The Media Kidocracy Konference aims to establish critical awareness and understanding among young people by exposing youth to information and experiences that will enable them to identify issues they feel are relevant, as well as explore their role in media and social issues. MKK also assists participants in devising strategies for addressing social issues by using the media as a tool to help resolve and address these issues.
Basil Copper – The Flabby Men
Spirit of creation, attend to us all. Heal our brokenness, comfort our bruised hearts, temper our tongues that we not hurt one another. God is love and love is all-powerful, greater than any hurt or hate or ignorance or shortcoming or even evil thing that we might do, to the earth, to each other, or to ourselves. The love of god is universal, available to us all, not just the ones we deem worthy. Please help me to remember that. Blessed be.
Not just Then
In chapter sixteen of his 1992 The Stripping of the Altars: Traditional Religion in England 1400-1580, Duffy opposes a long historiographical tradition by developing a “much more positive assessment of religious achievements” during Mary Tudor’s reign “than was at that time commonly accepted” (ix). His Fires of Faith elaborates upon this theme, revising the traditional account of Marian Catholicism. According to Duffy, the traditional account of Marian religion is bleak. “Until relatively recently,” he writes,
Forbes (blog)
AMYQS Blog (amyqsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Debi x
Things like: unconditional love, respect that is earned, friends that mean the world to you, true forgiveness, genuine happiness, real immortality from talent and perseverance, and real peace from talking, thinking, being empathetic and understanding by loving your neighbor, caring for your family and telling your friends how much they mean to you.
For Enquiring Minds
To find out who the nominees are and start preparing for the ultimate book battle, you can visit the official DABWAHA website. And no, I have no idea what DABWAHA stands for, but I bet is long and it makes no sense.
in line at a grocery store, might notice
Although I think of myself as a chick-flick kind of girl, the list is full of action movies, too. Who knew?
For example, if the publisher sells the $24.99 hardcover to a distributor at a 40% discount, then you as the author would only be getting 10% of $15.00 (approximately—$24.99 - $9.98 = $15.01).
After slight hesitation the children have adjusted to this rule. Now all I have to say is, "I see, and what do you need to do now?" and off they rattle their thanksgivings.
Spinning around and around and around and around and around,
Oh my! A lot of stuff, I like everything from rap to country. One minute you will hear Frank Sinatra, the next Juanes. I love music and it doesn’t matter what kind as long as it is good.
I don't know why I speak of these things in such off-handed fashion, almost in jest. I guess it's my pathetic way of acknowledging the very real risks of our existence. Maybe it's my tongue-in-cheek method of trying to appear unfazed by these potential realities. There's a slim chance that deep down, a tiny part of me holds tight to the completely untrue belief that by addressing the dangers out loud, I am warding them away.
This “Connor” rug from Pottery Barn Kids circa 2003 was the jumping off point for the colors in the room. I love its palette of dark and light blue, sage, and red. Cheerful for a child’s room, but not too juvenile and cutesy.
Well, it was more for pleasure really. We didn't really have a concept, it was just a thing that happened. But it could have been quite good, some of the tunes we did as Blue Meanies ended up on my first solo album and everybody said they were great, so we must have had something. If anybody had had the foresight to allow us to develop for a year or so, it might have been quite good.
Requirements :
After the first wave of confusion and doubt, I felt nothing but pride and relief. Pride that my daughter had done it without spilling grape juice all over herself, that she knew what to do at all, that she had done it, and that I knew she knew exactly how important it was. Relief that no lightning had come down and incinerated us all. Relief that another barrier rooted in my childhood keeping me from truly understanding God had been broken down. I hadn’t even known it was there until it was gone.
Is it 'right' to allow 16 yr old the possibility of winning so much?
…I snapped a picture of k with a giant rooster. That’s really nothing out of the ordinary, folks.
It was 1960 and meteorologist Edward Lorenz was working in his lab. He was entering data into his computer in the hope of modeling weather patterns when he stumbled upon a theory that is known as “The Butterfly Effect.” He was entering wind speed, air pressure and temperature into three separate equations that were linked in a mathematical feedback loop. This equation allowed Lorenz to predict weather patterns.
The photos coming back from these high flying "digital cameras" are stunning.
This team has had the worst offense in Major League Baseball for two years running. While Dustin Ackley and Mike Carp provided some late-season hope that the offense might improve, the Mariners still have a long, long way to go to field just an average lineup in the American League.
Summary: This is adapted from wikipedia and edited slightly by my friend Kenya.
And watch out for Father Peter McGrath at your church…
immortal, fearless, and more alive than they will ever be again....
The first issue was the belt, when pinned on it was over two inches short on both sides. After discussing it with my wife for a while looking to see what was wrong she noticed that the instructions said “When not specified, seam allowances are 1.5cm.” It turned out I sewed with 1.0cm seam allowances on all of the panels making up the skirt. That’s why the belt was so short. After unpinning it, resewing all of the panels and re-attaching it the belt now fit. At this point I figured I was almost done the skirt. I was wrong.
That strikes a cord with me. And helps to explain why I am so passionate about having personal 'things' lying around, on my bookshelves, on the walls, etc. They somehow connect me to my entire life, past and present. I absolutely appreciate the calmness of a good minimalist design, but I know I could never thrive in that environment. I think I would feel as empty as the room itself.
Before I met your sister, I knew nothing about adoption or adoption issues. I’ve learned quite a bit from her and from her friends. I’m proud to know them, and proud to call them friends. I have to say I’ve learned a lot from you as well. I’ve learned the true meaning of obsessive-compulsiveness. That’s the only possible explanation, with the possible exceptions of paranoia and megalomania, that could explain the quantity and frequency of your lying, vicious, vapid postings. You’re boring. Repetitive. And I have visited your blogs.
And there you have it. He is negotiating when I die so that he can spend my money on crap, and is willing to haggle.
She was very specific: There had to be gold, jewels, and long, "mean" wings. I bought stick-on jewels at the fabric shop and she applied them.
1 Kings 21:25
Chef: Or chains.
CHAPMAN GB, COUPS EJ. Time preferences and preventive health behaviour: acceptance of the influenza vaccine. Med Decis Making 1999; 19: 307-314.
Nel volerlo arcifreddissimo (1748 edition, p.19)
Reno King Lawrence.”
In front of that you'll see the Summer Crafting brochure from Doncaster a few weeks ago. There in it is Nigel's autograph - which incidentally I didn't ask him for - he assumed I wanted it (bless him)... I did also have my photograph taken with him, also with Phill (who I'm not sure is actually with DO crafts anymore - and I have one with the Glitter Girls too (how friendly were they???! - loads that's how much).
I beg, I implore, I get down on bended knee and grovel: next time you're about to use the term Mary-Sue, stop and look at my little checklist above. And if the character you are about to describe does not hit all the points on the checklist? DON'T.
Legend has it that Squama is a prosperity drawing and spiritual and mentally grounding stone. It helps you to center yourself mental and spiritual and it provides a field of protection. It also very calming and rids negativity.Aventurine Facts: Green Bluish Aventurine has a Mohs Hardness of 7 and a chemical composition of : (Al,Fe3+)7O3(BO3)(SiO4)3 K(Al,Cr)2AlSi3O10(OH)2Legend has it that Aventurine is a prosperity stone. It solidifies leadership, decision making skills , encourages compassion, empathy, creativity independence, career success, balance and the ability to persevere. It relaxes nerves and lessens stammering
www.refrigeratorartist.com
The marble turned a brighter red, and it dropped an inch signifying resigned failure. “There is no reference. There is only you.”
To enter this giveaway, just leave a comment over on Andrea's post by Friday the 10th of February (11:59pm EST) about the number one reason you love to sew. The giveaway is open internationally and Andrea will choose a winner randomly and announce the results on Saturday the 11th! YAY! Fabulous giveaway!!
Since I began speaking out about the genetics of violence, the entire field of genetics has reached a tipping point of high stakes and high drama. The stakes are that this field, which I would characterize as being presided over to some extent by ivory tower liberals, may be on the verge of proving once and for all that black people have a greater genetic predisposition to violence, or the field may wipe away this evidence along with a couple of decades of knowledge from gene association studies.
CSN Stores has kindly asked me to do a review for them and is sending me a $75 gift card. I'm awfully pumped and can't wait to share what I find with you all!
In January 2012, Calgary-based West Jet launched a new all-inclusive pricing strategy for their fares, and this week two other major Canadian Airlines – Air Canada and Porter Airlines, have also followed suit. Of the 3, Porter is the only to advertise one easy consolidated price, while the others will show base price & other fees identified separately. All three airlines are following in the long-standing footsteps of Air Transat, who has advocated such pricing transparency for years. The changes come hot on the heels of the Canadian federal government announcing upcoming laws to better regulate advertised pricing in the airline industry.
Tan Chin Keong is an analyst at UBS Wealth Management Research.
The imposition of donor sanctions may be one way of seeking to improve the human rights situation in a country but does not, in and of itself, result in the improved protection of the rights of LGBTI people. Donor sanctions are by their nature coercive and reinforce the disproportionate power dynamics between donor countries and recipients. They are often based on assumptions about African sexualities and the needs of African LGBTI people. They disregard the agency of African civil society movements and political leadership. They also tend, as has been evidenced in Malawi, to exacerbate the environment of intolerance in which political leadership scapegoat LGBTI people for donor sanctions in an attempt to retain and reinforce national state sovereignty.
That was the pool of sharks John Kennedy was swimming in: a desperate and psychopathic serial killer Vice-President Lyndon Johnson who was literally murdering a string of people down in Texas and who was waging a sub rosa war with the Kennedys, an out-of-control CIA hell bent on a coup; an FBI director Hoover who detested JFK and who was close friends with LBJ, and a JCS military brass who wanted to invade Cuba, wage the war in Vietnam, and Curtis Lemay who, according to Robert McNamara, wanted to wage full scale nuclear war with Russia, giving them the “Sunday punch” while the USA still had first strike capability. Add to that the white hot mafia hatred that Robert Kennedy was engendering with his prosecutions. This same mafia had been working hand in glove with their friends the CIA to take out Castro in Cuba. Think of these enemies of JFK as fasces: “a bundle of wooden sticks with an axe blade emerging from the center, which is an image that traditionally symbolizes summary power and jurisdiction, and/or strength through unity.”
The rural farmers always said it happened to remind folks what Easter was about.
This yarn is a glorious 100% superwash fine merino wool in worsted weight. It is sold in a standard 218 yards per 100 grams skein and comes in 56 different lovely colors.
6. Carrot pack
But even before we get to that, I think this is a good time to show you the evolution of this room to date.
SAMPLE ANSWER: Refute Theravada Buddhism with the big bang, or refute Islam with the crucifixion of Jesus, etc. MUST mention specific beliefs of that religion that are testable, and not just argue that they reject Christianity and are therefore false. Explain how middle knowledge reconciles free will and divine sovereignty, and that it also helps to solve the problem of people who have never heard the gospel.
For a start let’s take ‘BOW’ in capitals. Why? is it ‘Look at the freakish Orientals, they still ‘BOW’ OMG! ‘
Around that time previous BNP leader John Tyndall was suspcious of Griffin:
As parents, my husband and I want our kids to be responsible and to fulfill their obligations and to fully experience things by having full or nearly full participation. Sometimes complete participation is just impossible such as when a kid is asked to be in two or three places at the same exact time.
3 conversely
I was so happy with how it all turned out & even better that Leesa really loved it. I think I'm going to have to make another one for me too. Hope you like it too. If you have any questions, please leave me a comment.
Pauline Victoria Aughe lives in paradise. Hawaii to be exact. There with her husband and son, she works as an author, personal trainer, inspirational speaker and blogger. She does all these things without arms or legs.
This is not the best dish I’ve ever cooked but its one of the ones I’m most proud of. It sort of makes me realize how much my confidence as a cook has grown since I began this blog mishegas. For lack of a better name (and because I love my son and this is what he named it) I present to you Test Taking Pasta.
On this side of the water, the Occupy Wall Street protest and its equivalents in other American cities seem to have peaked for now, and the authorities have responded predictably by wading in with pepper spray and billy clubs. We’re still early in this particular game, though, far too early for either side to have a shot at winning or losing. Whether or not the protesters retain a token presence in urban centers over the winter, the coming of warm weather, the continuing decline of the American economy, and the public embarrassment of an upcoming presidential campaign in which nobody’s willing to talk about any of the real issues, will bring the protest kettle back to a steady boil in the new year.
How would you like to describe the music you are making?
The tools include a tiny razor to shave hairs, a miniature shovel-like device to scoop up wax, tweezer-like objects to scrape the inner ear and little cotton balls on sticks that are twirled inside the ear to tickle the skin.
My sister in law Nadine is getting married in London this summer and she’s asked me to make the wedding cake. For 180 people. I’m not a baker by profession. But I do love to cook, and I like a challenge.
"Knowledge is a mighty thing to have in the hand, but I would trade it all if I could only understand." -- Author Unknown
You (in your head): All I did was melt some chocolate and put some salt on top! But sure, I am amazing.
We hopped on the quad and decided to park the quad close and leave it running just in case we get attacked! So we attacked more than a few times and I was just screaming because a few black hornets were following me around..haha what girl wouldn't scream at a few black hornets chasing you around waiting untill you give in and get stung ;)
Probability of Murder by Ada Madison
No big deal, right?
but isn't.
I glued some pointy wings to the sleeves of the hoodie and drew on them with a gold pen. (ViMae was planning to fly from door to door trick-or-treating; Pa and I were careful to tell her these wings are just pretend.)
Cattle Prods? Strangulation? Divorce? I LOATHE tardiness. But, I'm sure your chap has lots of other redeeming qualities, so, let's solve this one:
Collaborative resource planning software’s claims to provide accurate resource details which can help managers in scheduling employees on multiple projects. Some are very basic while other encompasses all the functionalities required to efficiently schedule resources of all types. Organizations that are serious about optimizing resource utilization should opt for a solution that is collaborative and can be configured to fit around organization’s requirement.
Anyway, being at home meant I got to spend time with you and take photos. One of my favourite photos are your ‘stoned’ or ‘drunk from milk’ look. ‘The Mother’ thinks it is mean, but I just can’t help myself, please forgive me, you are just TOO CUTE for words. Here’s one photo that i absolutely adore!
The conscious experience of dreams is a portal to the journey which transcends the realm of conditioned thought, beyond the realm of thinking and doing — into the state of:
There are seven more learning walks scheduled throughout the academic year and we plan for each teacher to have the opportunity to be a walker and for each class to be visited. As a start, we visited teachers we perceived would be among the most comfortable and selected as walkers those who had eagerly volunteered. With positive feedback from our learning walk pioneers, we hope our faculty will be reassured and enthusiastic. Our aim in implementing learning walks is to support our efforts at nurturing a self-reflective collaborative culture, breaking down the isolation teachers can experience. Learning walks are one important component of our efforts to transform our school into a learning community in which we focus relentlessly on improving student learning and in which we do so together.
But here is the evidence I see.
Remember, the table-top RPG experience is simply people sitting around and telling a good yarn. You don’t need rules. You don’t even need to read fantasy, sci-fi or horror. You don’t even need to be a nerd. You can play it any way you like.
Place filling into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Place in fridge for at least 30 minutes, to allow flavors to meld.
** I don't have to imagine. He gets it from both parents. Neither A. nor I is the laid back type. Sorry, Cubby.
2. Why did you start blogging?
ACCESS. AND EMBELLISHMENTS: Retro flower punch large and small of EK succes, some pearls from KARS and Marianne Design. A punch to make round edges and some ink for inking the edges.
Teenage cosmopolitan
The only light spot in my day so far was that I got to choose my group in my nursing class and I got to be in a group with people I know. Thank god. It should be ok. A lot of reading and stuff but I should be fine.
So now I'm on a first-name basis with a pawnshop guy. Mom would be mortified. --Pg. 136 of an ARC of "Breaking Beautiful" by Jennifer Shaw Wolf
Week 8 was REALLY lacking on the photos, but that's okay. I LOVE that I got to include memorabilia from our everyday life more than usual. My daughter found a prom dress - quickly. The story that goes with it is inside the first 3x4 insert card. A postcard from the optamalogist; a picture of ideas she liked; a piece of the fabric from the dress she chose; a dinner card from the restaraunt we ate at Saturday night; a tag from hubby's "drink of choice" these days . . and thank goodness for my daughter taking photos with her iphone too or I wouldn't have ended up with half the pictures I did get! (PS the dress image insert is not what she bought, it's just what she went with the mind to try on).
Oh, and be sure to keep an eye out next week for an article about my week driving a Kia Soul.
We also have three new Shining Stars to announce - this is not an easy task but oh how fun to look them all over 1 last time. Here they are, please stop over at their blogs and give them a little hello:
I cut some of the doilies out in the one sheet and added it along with the chip piece. The sticker letters are from my stash.
Late on Sunday, as we started to pull together the first real picture of how all the companies stacked up, one of my colleagues, Tod, remarked about Raider and the data we were seeing in front of us. Now Tod only helps me out occasionally, usually online or via email, but he is as sharp as a cactus needle and has the memory of a proverbially elephant.
The key now was to remove the tape right away... but carefully. I made a couple touch-ups to the edges...but otherwise it came out great.
(6png@ 300ppi)
Charles R. Ambroselli, CPA, CFP®, is the founder and pastor of Kingdom at Mount Zion Family Church in Marietta, Georgia, and is the proud father of three beautiful girls. He is a certified financial planner, a certified public accountant, and a Qualified Kingdom Advisor™. Charles earned a bachelor’s and a master’s degree in business administration from Saint Bonaventure University. Both degrees are concentrated in accounting and finance. Currently, Ambroselli is a doctoral student at Christian Leadership University. He also has completed academic programs at the College for Financial Planning and at the Christian Living Bible Institute.
In winter, test your skills skiing and snowboarding at the mountains - Cardrona Alpine Resort, Treble Cone, Snow Farm and Snow Park. Nearby are Coronet Peak and The Remarkables though these mountains are closer to Queenstown. For more information, click here.
I'll be blunt here... if you expect your child to feel grateful to you for adopting him or her, then you are being boastful. Because you are, in effect, secretly saying "look at this great thing I did." Don't go there. And don't allow others to go there either. Instead, you need to express with all humility how much you have gained through adoption, at the expense of so many others, including your child. (That is not to say that we should not train our children to possess an overall attitude of gratitude rather than a sense of entitlement. But that's a whole 'nother topic.)
Knight and Burgher, Lord and Dame,
When he came to his senses, he said, ‘How many of my father’s hired men have food to spare, and here I am starving to death! I will set out and go back to my father and say to him: Father, I have sinned against heaven and against you. I am no longer worthy to be called your son; make me like one of your hired men.’ So he got up and went to his father.
He also said the red light camera program has been successful in changing behavior, as evidence by the reduced amount of tickets received. He said the extra cameras requested by Mangano would net about $6 million.
Exhibition opening: 6pm, Wednesday 5th April 2012.
and, then i will stop bothering at all.
"The artist has studied this world of variety and has, we may suppose, unobtrusively found his way in it. His sense of direction has brought order into the passing stream of image and experience. This sense of direction in nature and life, this branding and spreading array, I shall compare with the root of the tree.
My little mans wittle tosies!! :) The family went out on a walk today and it was nice enough I was able to put G in shorts and flip flops! I just love his toes!!
Around the time that our second daughter was born, Matt started getting some work again. Not super steady, but work nonetheless. Life was still very tough and by the end of the year we were relying on Christmas and birthday money.
I have written previously on a potential nuance which we can use when it comes to the English terms syncretic vs. syncretistic, which are both equally correct as far as dictionaries and spell-checkers are concerned these days. I would like to emphasize at the outset that these are potential “working definitions,” and are by no means to be taken as set-in-stone or as utterly settled matters–certainly, the Oxford English Dictionary knows nothing about these particular nuances, to my knowledge! I’d like to suggest that “syncretic” can be used for a fusion of two beings, or a seamless combination of two religious streams in practice. This is what occurs with the Afro-Diasporic religions, for example; there is never a moment of religious code-switching that happens in those religions, everything is a seamless whole in practice (even if some analysts can see where the seams happen to be in certain instances). I’d like to suggest, therefore, that “syncretistic” can be used for instances where there is a fusion in forms of deities or practices, but where the distinctiveness and difference between two things is maintained. This is what happens in a lot of the cases of inter-pantheonic syncretism that I’ve discussed above: Zeus-Ammon is himself, and is different than Zeus and Ammon separately, and does not replace Zeus nor Ammon. Hermanubis is another such example: he’s an obvious fusion of Anubis and Hermes, and yet he gets honored right alongside Anubis in certain inscriptions, as an acknowledgement of the separateness of the two beings. Serapis, no matter how popular he became, never replaced Osiris or any of the other figures from whom his syncretistic figure drew upon.
There’s an angel, a guardian angel of sorts that appears to a character in this book. He delivers a message and then disappears after doing his work. Jane Mendelsohn has done her job here so very, very well that it’s remarkable and more. I can almost see where the wings attach to her shoulders.
Preheat your oven to 350. Have ready rimmed cookie sheets/sheet pans or baking pans, just make sure you have enough square footage to fit all your tomatoes (halved) in a single layer.
Most women used some form of highlighting down the nose, on the chin, under the eyebrow, in the cupids bow of the lip, and on the cheek bones.
I finished two books which seems less than normal, but I did get started on several for this week. :-) I posted two book reviews, three Book Features with Giveaways as well as my usual regular Friday Pick Giveaway, Saturday Sharing Beyond Books Comment Giveaway and Sunday Words.
12.Bring Me the Head of the Preacher Man
It’s one of those lessons you just can’t learn often enough in this life–that you can plan and schedule and postulate, but God has the prerogative to interrupt your agenda and alter your plotted course at any time.
Now click on the picture to get to the hundred pics photobucket slideshow. Some amazing pics by my friend Gonzalo and my girlfriend Stef. The tables looked great if a bit overcrowded (specially for my infantry heavy, medium based, snail speed parade) All the snowy walls and fences are from my collection, which made a great winter board with other people’s scenery.
Bought this for the girlfriend. She loves it. Below freezing temps require an additional jacket. If its near or above freezing, though, it is warm enough by itself. Her only complaint was the hood. When left down it looks fine. When up, it is more utilitarian than “cute”. Picture more of an eskimo like look than a loose hooded sweatshirt type look.
Nietzsche’s main themes can be summarized by the titles of his main books. Each is, in a different way, an attack on faith. The center of Nietzsche’s philosophy is always the same: He is as centered on Christ as Augustine was, only he centered on Christ as his enemy.
When the bottles began exploding in my parents’ dining room, my mother — then a schoolteacher — mistook the sounds of shattering glass for a drive-by shooting. Her students, she thought, had finally found her.
Ghee:1 tsp
So I've gotta post my query letter (the plot part) and my first 250 words on my blog ASAP before I send it into the mentors. So here it is.
Burton was nominated seven times for an Acadamy Award, six for best actor. He never won. He will be remembered also for the very public romance and twice marriage to Elizabeth Taylor.
#2- O’Beck Bahama (D)
INN: Why do you think the life industry is losing share of the consumer dollar?
Written in the style of a TV series, The First Chronicle is the beginning of a 5 part epic which follows the spiritual and emotional journey of five people; their quest to understand the universe and our place within it.
So we give Kasey a hug and realized we forgot her birthday card at home. I was a little mad at myself. So then Kasey said, "before we head to our seats let's take a walk upstairs in catering."
“Mr. Cromitie had told the informant that he was upset about the war in Afghanistan and that that he wanted to “do something to America.” Mr. Cromitie stated “the best target” — the World Trade Center — “was hit already,” according to the complaint.” NYT added
ever stronger 'each to each.' This is still my primary goal.
If you want to be up to date on the latest in the NCAA, including college coaches and players, then subscribe to my Twitter feed @MerfyMerf.
a bit of a cry, a burst of anger, a sigh of delight
How about you? What do you look to cut when trying to trim down your book?
"Life has its' ups and downs, but you are far from alone.
“Rose?”
Tonight I am feeling so blessed. Great things have been happening for me and Eli, and I don't want it to go by without thanking God for His amazing gifts.
■A confident speaker with strong written communication skills.
Cumin, Cinnamon, Cloves (I used about a heaped teaspoon of each)
step 2: pat of any excess
This wasn't going to be my First Post (boom boom!) of The Year, but then The Divine Helga reminded me of my growing Crush on Old Royalty in her post about coming over all Queen Victoria-esque: http://helgavontrollop.blogspot.com/2012/01/feels-like-touch-of-victoria.html
The retail price then will be $18.95, but you can get a hefty 32% pre-release discount from Amazon.com by going here ASAP.
‘The Time Has Come’: Ban Ki-moon’s Historic Speech on LGBT Rights … – Joseph Huff-Hannon (James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism / Livingston Award for Young Journalists) – Posted: 03/23/2012 9:44 am
2. Tupac is dead.
"Conquer Me" by Blues Traveler
My quilt will call for 8 blocks per color: 4 left-facing and 4 right-facing.
Rachel Sharon-Krespin writes: “His (Gulen’s) followers target youth in the eighth through twelfth grades, mentor and indoctrinate them in the ışıkevi, educate them in the Fethullah schools, and prepare them for future careers in legal, political, and educational professions in order to create the ruling classes of the future Islamist, Turkish state.”
06. Chrono
Cut 2 strips of main fabric 3"x13" for the handles.
I received a complimentary copy of this book from the author.
In other words, how can anyone really be pro-life if they don’t also extend that argument to plants. And if they don’t extend that pro-life argument to plants, then how can they really be pro-life? And if they don’t extend that pro-life argument to plants, then they are hypocrites. And if they are hypocrites, then it gives justification for continuing to ridicule them and ignore them all the while unborn children are being killed in and out of the womb and the NYT is publishing absurd opinion pieces from radical, die-hard liberals disguised as satire. The NYT, not one liberal, thinks of an unborn child as a human being, so why would any of them ever think “a being capable of processing, remembering and sharing information — a being with potentialities proper to it and inhabiting a world of its own” would “conjure” a fetus? But of course they would “conjure up a plant”, in a futile attempt to be absurd and to show how “absurd” the pro-life movement is, and is being, trying to protect unborn children, even though they neither believe a plant feels and reacts to its environment in the same way, or is remotely similar to, a fetus in any sense of the definition any more than they want to believe a fetus feels anything in its enclosed water-filled environment during its nine months of development and growth. Because if a fetus can feel, then it can certainly feel pain as it is being ripped in, and to, pieces by an abortionist. And if a fetus can feel, and feel pain, how can it do that if it is not conscious? And if a fetus is conscious is it not alive? The NYT has, suspiciously, not yet demanded the passage of legislation that grants “planthood” status to peas and other fruits and vegetables, whatever life-bearing seeds, they think ought to be protected from being slaughtered in or out of its root, vine, stalk, etc. Perhaps not everyone at the very liberal NYT is yet convinced that peas ought to be granted “planthood” status. If they need more proof to show how “human-like” peas are, perhaps they ought to employ sonograms on pea plants. But if they do, would they know not to “rape” the plant using the “trans-carpel” type of ultrasound?
I support free speech, no matter how vigorously I disagree with the ideas of the person speaking, because I believe the truth has a special weight all of its own. It always comes out, it generally prevails, unless drastic steps are taken to suppress it. Logical, rational people are drawn to it, like moths to a flame, and why shouldn't they be?
Let us divide the whole of the UK up into three non-contiguous zones, Zones A, B, and C. Zone A refers to all those locations out of which, in a tribal conflict, Muslims could not be driven by force without driving them out of the UK, such as parts of London, parts of Birmingham, Bradford and so on. Muslims could not meaningfully flee these places for other destinations in the UK as all other destinations (Penzance, Canterbury, the Scottish Highlands, etc.) would only leave them even more exposed. Zone A is concentrated in the Greater London area, the West Midlands, and the north-west of England.
Where Harry Potter was to be found;
subUrbia (Eric Bogosian)
Determining your arches
The festivities at the Roundhouse today for the 100th anniversary of statehood for New Mexico made me realize I haven't posted the stream of my Jan. 6 Santa Fe Opry centennial set on this blog yet.
Makes me very interested to think about what could be done to a lager. Folks weren't shy about experimenting when the process was quantified in the 1800s: we got schwarzbier, erlanger, budweiser, pilsner, wiener, helles, dunkles, bock, doppelbock, eisbock, rauchbier, braunbier...and then what? A couple damned world wars come along, the communists slap down the production quotas, and brewers stop thinking of anything except how to make more of it cheaper? That's nothing but embarrassing. I left Tröegs with thoughts buzzing in my head.
DVD Details
At birth, Ella is inadvertently cursed by an imprudent young fairy named Lucinda, who bestows on her the "gift" of obedience. Anything anyone tells her to do, Ella must obey. Another girl might have been cowed by this affliction, but not feisty Ella: "Instead of making me docile, Lucinda's curse made a rebel of me. Or perhaps I was that way naturally." When her beloved mother dies, leaving her in the care of a mostly absent and avaricious father, and later, a loathsome stepmother and two treacherous stepsisters, Ella's life and well-being seem to be in grave peril. But her intelligence and saucy nature keep her in good stead as she sets out on a quest for freedom and self-discovery as she tries to track down Lucinda to undo the curse, fending off ogres, befriending elves, and
So, if you're willing to take advice from a fifteen-year-old, here it is: stop procrastinating today. Even if it's just for the day. Good luck!
This used to be a pretty relaxed day as people rolled into town. This year thanks to Battlefoam‘s free bag give away to the first 500 attendees to register, it was pretty crazy with huge lines in the afternoon. I didn’t get in until 6:30 and didn’t go down to registration until after 7:00 but there still was a line around the corner. This was the tail end of the rush though and it took less than 10 minutes to get through the line and get the huge swag bag.
Crawling, wriggling in my mind.
Cut Tempting Turquoise Cardstock 4.25 X 11". Score at 1.5 and 5.5". Use Corner Rounder to round top corners. Cut two pieces of BuildaBear Workshop Pawsitively Prints II DSP: 1.25 X 4" for the flap and 3 X 4" for under the flap and attach to card. Stamp Buggy from Baby Bundle stamp set in Basic Black on Whisper White cardstock and then stamp the baby's head in the carriage also in Basic Black. Color with Blush Blossom, Tempting Turquoise, Poppy Parade and Pear Pizzazz Markers as desired. Punch with 2.5" Circle punch. Cut 3" circle using Big Shot Die and use Perfect Polka Dot Embossing Folder to add texture. Attach two circles together and attach to card front with Stampin' Dimensionals. Tie Pear Pizzazz Seam Binding around card to close. For inside of card: round top corners of Poppy Parade(4 X 5.25") and Whisper White Cardstock
But, we restrained ourselves from ordering bowls, even though they had my favorite flavor, Chocolate Azteca. We saved ourselves instead for a sweet treat that can only truly be found in the great state of Louisiana. Maybe sno-balls aren’t the only reason this is the happiest state in the union (or was before BP took a giant dump in our Gulf), but they are certainly a factor. There’s nothing else like a sno-ball on a hot day. Like the shrimp bar-b-que I described that had nothing to do with bar-b-que or grills, sno-balls are nothing like snowcones. The ice is shaved, fluffy like snow, then doused with inventive flavors of syrup and often topped with sweetened condensed milk or marshmallow creme. It’s just another thing about this place that’s so indescribably better than the imagination can grasp, that it all falls in the you-had-to-be-there category.
There is a very happy Abbie here in school that is about as calm and collected as a Tigger on speed. The man can’t sit still, and breaks into big inappropriately spontaneous grins at the worst of times.
In the past few years I have started watching the Opening Ceremonies of the Olympics, actually I probably really paid attention during Summer 08. Anywho, this year's Ceremony was great, I was impressed by the use of the fabric and projectors. It really proves what you can do with a blank canvas and how it can be transformed into something beautiful and inspiring.
Remember what Prof. Horkheimer said? He wrote: “Research would be able here to transform itself directly into propaganda.’
Anika Bowles
to hold the hand inside you in a sun-setting dark
Say what you will about Lady Gaga, the girl can create moments. Leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of her 2011 album, this song was an instant classic the minute Haley Reinhart opened her mouth to sing it on Idol and Gaga followed with a performance of it the following week. Beautiful piano, screamtastic chorus, just… so incredible. Everyone needs to get off their hipster high horses and embrace the Gaga.
- One Leg Squats – ASSISTED: 5 per leg
Rosalita knows that she is ruining her life (again) but she tells the truth. It was a big claw that ripped her open and that the restroom window should not be open so how do you explain that, how is that explained?
I "officially" left school about half way through 9th grade, but mentally I had begun checking out a few years before.
Joey is trained by the army to be a cavalry mount, and doesn't like it one bit. "Gone was the gentle snaffle bit that I was so used to," he complains, "and in its place was an uncomfortable, cumbersome barbed bit that pinched the corners of my mouth and infuriated me beyond belief."
Best Live: Winner – NUTS (The Hall) / Highly Commended – LSUTV (Loughborough Poker Live Final)
The dancer said that she believes that she and belly dancers Dina and Fifi Abdo are the last of the best and all new comers are mere amateurs.
This book doesn’t exactly beg to be a treat on which you nibble day by day, though it should be read that way. As Is would make a great source for daily reading, devotion or musing and may spark in the reader something new to consider. Finch’s writing is low on the God factor (making her appealing to readers such as myself) but remains holy in its depth of awareness and understanding. Although I blew through this book to make some deadlines and move on to other books I need to read, I highly recommend savoring As Is over the course of time. And then putting it on your shelf to come back to later.
Back Door
that's not for some sad diabolical god
So, to quote a local Limerick blogger of note, 'You can FUCK THE FUCKITY FUCK OFF' back under the rock from whence you crawled. (Sorry 'bout the language Pat!)
(1) Set very strict deadlines for your day. If your kids are coming home in the afternoon, be very efficient in the morning. Alternatively, if your baby is napping in the afternoon, be efficient at that time.
Once you have mastered the above without any difficulties, you can increase the time by 30 second intervals to help build control.
If i wanted a new hairstyle, I wouldn’t look at a footballer for inspiration, the players I grew up watching were not a good advert for modern coiffure! For example, one of my idols growing up was Roberto Baggio, who, has been described as “Mullet—nice, ponytail mullet—breathtaking, permed ponytail mullet—my god this guy is a sleaze bag genius.” say no more.
I must also ask myself: which colors should I use? Which colors best connote failure, loss, passion, and fear? Somehow only red comes to mind.
Something unique about the Iron Druid series that I give major props to Hearne for is that there is no “mist” or “fog” or anything that keeps mortals from seeing the immortals. I like that Atticus has to use whatever is at this disposal, whether a cloaking spell or the mental-wiping-powers of a vampire to try to explain what the mortals have seen. It’s fun to see what kind of trouble Atticus gets into and how he works his way out of it.
“Plan members believe the pension promise — they’re not asking many questions, but plans are quietly grappling with the issue of aligning future liabilities.”
Here’s the little toe kick area at the bottom now:
To make the pastry: mix the flour with the salt and chopped rosemary, oil and water. I do this in my ancient Robot Chef, but you can also do it by hand. When the pastry forms into a ball, put it onto a floured board and roll out to line your tart tin (you can also leave it to rest, wrapped in clingfilm in the fridge for 40 mins which makes it less sticky).
Thanks Stupid you are so clever sometimes xx
spin down from the sky
Use the CMS’s built-in workflow and project management capabilities to review the production cycles and find comments and documentation related to the actions taken in the workflow. You may find important notes on reasons why users took certain actions or didn’t perform assigned tasks.
In a symbolic blow to the labor movement, the school said it was giving up management of the George Meany Memorial Archives & Library. It will be up to the AFL-CIO to figure out what to do with it, said the school. And the National Workers Memorial, on the Silver Spring campus, will have to be moved.(full story at washingtonexaminer.com)
But I can't even get the Lone Ranger
the characters in this book are copyright Marvel Comics
and i secretly hid the mothers day presents that i got for my mom and his mom
So, advertising works by developing awareness, and how much is it worth it to companies to pay for the number of times it's brand is exposed to you, the savvy consumer?
(INAUDIBLE) with the United States.
Saturday Night Live skit.
In the hands of skilled technicians and experienced radiologists, obtaining medically necessary studies remains safe. What may be needed is a realization by all involved that the more exposure we have the more risk we experience. For this reason, I will be giving my patients a radiation exposure history tracking card for their wallets. Each time they have a medical x- ray I will be asking them to record the date and type of procedure. This will include dental x-rays (0.005mSv or 1 day’s natural exposure level) and all other procedures so we can track annual exposure and consider alternative diagnostic options in those with large exposure numbers.
with a live concert by Devil Music Ensemble
NAILS: Finesmith ~ DRAAKJE Nails
Grits supports comprehensive immigration reform and a path to citizenship for two simple reasons: I oppose mass incarceration and support expanded immigration to boost the long-term stability of the economy. Further, it's smarter to choose to expand legal immigration thoughtfully than to live in some denial fantasy and pretend US labor demands haven't been the driving factor behind illegal immigration trends.
I press the button
Only when he has confessed his libelous and slanderous crimes to all those he persuaded to accept his report as ‘factual and honest’ ,will he be able to beg Israel’s forgiveness.
In my case, my dad called a teacher and the three pupils who were bullying me were spoken to, but not actually punished. I was so scared at the time. I thought the boys would give me a harder time for speaking up. What actually happened though was that they left me alone after that. One of them even apologised to me. I was able to enjoy my final year in school. Sadly, I’d spent the previous two years being very unhappy and I wish I’d spoken up sooner.
As I was following along with today’s stage I thought, Man, Lance NEVER used to fall of the bike! But then I remembered 2003. That was the first year I actually watched the Tour, and it had to be the toughest of Lance’s Tour wins. Not knowing any better at the time, I thought that was the way all Tours were supposed to go.
Actually moving on will also be new plans.
I have other Olatunji samples/albums posted here. All of the Olatunji LPs I've listened to, to the best of my recollection are very good, but this one is an especially good and groovy blend of African and Western forms. The record reminds me a of a good Yma Sumac LP in that, there is a uniqueness and cohesion from track to track and a sense of drama to the sound that keeps you glued to your speakers.
military academies in Eastern Europe.
“The handwriting was kind of on
"And the black flies are out in full force."
Follow the stream of messages. That ye may know would meet Russia’s special envoy Mikhail Margilov. Have not seen him in the past, and therefore continued with a number of my colleagues who know him asking their recommendation. I was told that the meeting is its glory.
One of the things that I love about my cyber school is that it offers so many wonderful life-changing opportunities. Each year, my school takes students to Guatemala, Panama, China, Quebec, and on a "behind-the-scenes" Disney workshop in Orlando.
Back to bed in the silence of the night I decided to use my time wisely
But the light-workers, love-holders, all over the planet, are very, very reticent to simply say, “I believe in our star brothers and sisters.” “Yes, I saw a UFO the other day.” “Yes, I have a friend who is a hybrid.” “Yes, I have a son who is a star-seed.” Is it not magnificent? Is it not exciting? Help is on the way. Because, yes, your star brothers and sisters come in love to assist with the Ascension, with the shift.
“When I was an undergraduate, every once in a while I’d hear that somebody took out a loan for school. That was shocking,” Wagner said, “It was possible because tuition was lower. I think maybe a class in 1980 was 100 bucks. If you had a good enough connection, you could get a job in the summer and easily make enough money to go to school without having to work. It is probably impossible to find a summer job where you net $5,000 a month. You either have to work while you go to school, borrow money or maybe your parents can help.”
I'm expecting to watch the typewriter sink beneath the murky water. Expecting to salute all captain like, as this wordy vessel sinks to the bottom of it's new West London resting place.
Some might argue that there are better villains but, my five year old self and my thirty eight year old self for that matter have only one thing to say to those doubters.
the flip-flop of the dog door to the screened-in porch.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has also criticised the findings of an inquiry by the Kurdish regional government which concluded that a freelance journalist was killed by insurgents. Sardasht Othman often censured the Kurdish authorities and his death highlighted allegations of governmental abuse of the media. HRW believe the inquiry is insufficient and could be a cover up.
of the game on a Bob Lillis single to left in the same inning . So in John Paciorek
towers
Well, we stayed with them,
Greek philosopher and mathematition, 6th cent. BC
John Avlon’s piece “Ode to the Bookstore,” which first appeared on October 12, 2011, in the book section of The Daily Beast, is a worthwhile addition to the national dialogue on the demise of big-box bookstores—and the role independent bookstores can play in the wake of their passing.
I guess I knew it would. In all honesty, I wanted to make you a little uncomfortable. Not very nice of me, and I question my own motives: Why drag ya'll down with us on this one?
And that’s the secret to their success, if we don’t kill off their creative play before they get to learn from it.
Of memory filled with dreamed intuitional force
Such a form of arguing seems to imply that there's a right and a wrong way to see these things. Now I can understand the desire to at least try to 'get right' what someone is trying to say before disagreeing with it. But I think its often subtly implied that there's a right way, and its the OOO way, and those who have a different opinion simply just don't understand it yet. Firstly, until more texts are in the public domain, the logistics of 'understanding' remains a challenging endeavor, requiring the sifting through of blog posts over many months. But more pertinently, while there are virtues to 'getting right' what a person is saying or trying to say, I'm much more interested, as Deleuze would say, with putting a philosophy 'to work.' So if saying that I or other bloggers miss something is a way of saying maybe that we disagree, fine. But its kinda condescending to say that others keep misunderstanding things. Do you mean misunderstanding you, or the 'order of things', the 'way the world works'? I promise to not condescend to you if you don't condescend to me, but so far, it feels a bit like a oneway street. Can't we agree that its ok to disagree, and not everything is misunderstanding?
The weather has been changing, and the northern wind has been blowing in, rattling my windows and blowing through my hair, making it a tangled mess, but I love it. With the changing weather, my mood has also been changing for the better—at least for today—and that is a good thing. The overcast skies remind me that cold weather and the holidays are soon approaching, and I couldn't be more ready. Though, I'm a little disappointed in the stubbornness of the changing of the leaves this year. The colors aren't as bold and bright as they have been in previous years—or maybe my mind is playing tricks on me, the past month or so affecting the vibrancy of everything around me.
These militias were then unleashed upon white Zim farmers, as well as on MDC-supporting rural populations. The local Zim police refused to intervene when farmers & workers were attacked & murdered by militias, yet acted very hastily when the odd farmer dared to defend himself with lethal force.
Since worry seems to come naturally to moms what should we do about it? Here are three ways I would like to encourage you.
I removed my small feet and drew a flag, a jersey, and a national anthem. Then I waited and hoped, like all my people. I waited and hoped that she would reappear so that I might show her my country. The woman died and I grew up. I killed my imagination even as I continued to practice the sins of hope and waiting. Here, a kid puts his nail in the sand and tries to build a home, but it rained.
Nyava
This brunch made me feel like I was at home. I was totally reminded of hot Atlanta summers and hungover Sunday brunches. While I might have forgotten how to count American coins, I'll never forget what it felt like to eat in Atlanta, where brunch is for champions who require food to fill the holes in their bellies, due to a combination of excessive beer-drinking and the sweltering heat. Cheers to the American South.
1 large onion, sliced
Sourced from a low generation audience recording, the sound is very clear and extremely well-balanced, with every instrument, vocal, and sound effect perfectly audible, despite evidence the taper was slight distance from the stage. Musically, the set is complete and includes all the tune-ups, introductions, and hell, we’re even given an entire track of the audience prior to “Echoes!” There are brief cuts after “Raving And Drooling” and “You’ve Got To Be Crazy” but only a couple seconds of tuning are omitted in either case. The audience is attentive and appreciative throughout, with only an occasional side conversation audible during some of the softer bits - there is a good amount of distinctly British banter during the tune-ups but nothing too distracting during the actual performances.
Health care professionals and patients should be aware of these potential drug-exercise interactions.
catch me at the gym several days
Odisha State Organizing Committee
Some days, all that drives Allie is her hatred of them. The vampires who keep humans as blood cattle. Until the night Allie herself is attacked—and given the ultimate choice. Die… or become one of the monsters.
I’m not really a science fiction reader. I really like reading dystopian books, but sometimes I fear that they’ll lose me with too much science. Initially, I feared reading this book, mainly because it wasn’t like all the other dystopians out there. The story is about Amy, who is cryogenically frozen aboard the Godspeed, destined to begin her life on a new planet — 300 years in the future. But before she reaches the planet, her capsule is opened and she discovers a new life aboard the Godspeed, where nothing seems to make sense.
During my journey, I questioned why I didn't stay at home. I have quite a few books there already that I have been meaning to read and the weather was miserable to say the least. I thought that the universe had been trying to send me a message and that apparently wasn't the case. I looked around for a short cut that would get me to the library ASAP and back home in record time. There was an empty lot to my left with what appeared to be a barricade separating me from the quickest way to my targeted location. Was there a way around it? I wasn't sure and at that point if I had to climb over it or dig under it, I wasn't going to let a fence stop me.
The Practical Cooks Junior rolled their eyes at my request to taste test this new peanut butter, and then proceeded to eat double their usual waffle allotment and most of my Honeycrisp apple with the Valencia Creamy as a dip. They then requested another, chomping crisp apples noisily at me while I watched what was to be my snack disappear.
as we sit here our backs to each other
But then I had to try to find a job out here. That was when I found out how bad things really are.
neither male nor female,
“When you have come to the edge of all the light you have
But life is playing cruel games on me
Contact person (for receipts): Lourdes Grau: lgrau@irsicaixa.es
Enjoyment is as dull as dodo without excitement. Excitement comes when you feel thrilled and safe at the same time while driving at a cracking pace. Some hidden obstacles on your way may pose threat to your safety. Keep your path tracked and ensure your safety using any of GPS enabled devices.
1 cup molasses
Program 3--8:00pm FLESH AND THE DEVIL (1926)
Protest in the tiny village enjoys the regular support of Palestinians from surrounding areas, as well as that of Israeli and international activists. Demonstrations in Nabi Saleh are also unique in the level of women participation in them, and the role they hold in all their aspects, including organizing. Such participation, which often also includes the participation of children reflects the village’s commitment to a truly popular grassroots mobilization, encompassing all segments of the community.
This all sounds like an excuse, doesn't it? It is an excuse. Excuse me for not going overboard in my eating just to satisfy a curiosity.
I can take it all
Yep, I am back. Back from months of sporadic posts. Back from the crazy hectic roller coaster ride called life. 2011 has been a crazy crazy ride. A ride I am happy to step off of and move on from. Unfortunately, this ride has had more downs than ups. But, I hope all of that changes....2011 has four more months left (how did THAT happen??) and I am ready to make all of them good!
Chris Smith
It should also be noted here that often times, Will and I look at machines from a mechanical standpoint, and maybe people think we are completely devoid of any kind of artistic or aesthetic appreciation. Not so, but for example, given Will's engineering background, well, what would you expect!! Same for me, I tend to be mechanical first.
My PSP is using my reusable filtering water bottle instead of buying plastic bottles when I need to drink water. By doing my PSP for about four weeks now I have a feeling that I have added a good change to my life since my PSP was easy to adapt to. When walking around campus or hanging with my friend and we talked about my bottle, I feel like some of them do like the idea of using it. Actually some of them asked me to try it’s water. Since I don’t know anyone else using that same bottle, I would say I have cut out my usage of plastic water bottles for four weeks now. Since I used to buy a bottle of water everyday and stopped doing that for the four weeks I had my bottle, the number of bottles which I would have bought would be 20 bottles which would cost me 25 dollars. Since I cut using those bottles, the waste of the society would be less which would make us a more sustainable society.
I could talk on this forever... but here's just a few...
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.70% 38
Then again, lying in bed, on my side, drifting sleep-wards. The hand on my back. All fingers against me, clearly palpable. And the push.
It would be redundant of me to point out the obvious evil of the “modern” progressive crusade to save the world from itself, when the political correctness plague with which this movement is infected, is currently so pervasive at every level of society. It is an infection of psychological origin, a contagious mental illness, and it is spread by the main stream media through dissemination of certain key phrases that mutate into gross distortions of basic fact each and every time they are repeated. The carriers of this disease are those lonely souls who follow societal trends in order to fit in, and who desire nothing more than to be on the winning team. They make it a point to know all the buzzwords associated with the cause they support, but not the origin of the sound-bytes they parrot. They are quick to criticize opposition to their dogma, and resort to ad hominid attacks when confronted with irrefutable fact. They are unaware of their illness, and perceive anyone that disagrees with their view as uninformed, and generally all the more needful of their “help”.
Jack O'Fire (note the ' is in the right place here, unlike on the cover of this record) were a band I found very easy to love. Sure, they were a covers band, but such fantastic covers! On this, their debut release, we have songs made famous by Howling Wolf, Blind Willie McTell and those well-known blues artists Joy Division. No Love Lost was on 'An Ideal For Living', the first release from Joy Division. Download a superb version of it here.
My Saturday and Sunday workouts had additional significance, because my gym membership expired on Sunday. I wrote a few posts last month about my decision to switch gyms, and now that transition is complete (there’s more to this story, and I promise to share it soon!). Buh-bye, Burbank Athletic Club, and thank you for 4 wonderful years, and hello, Crunch! Since Burbank Athletic Club has two locations, I thought I’d spend my final weekend as a member hitting both of them – a little farewell tour.
All it took was a straw.
You set a table before me
Spit? Split? He sees Odette in a bikini, in his mind, on the beach at Brac, or was it Hvar, the topless beach, has no tits to speak of, only to dream of? Shit. Thought this had ended. His gut clenches. Fuck this, he thinks, I think about her and feel, sick. Still… This is bullshit.
This blog, is my journey down the road less traveled.
This window was destined for the dump...it was in an old screen door that was in terrible shape...but the window itself? awesome...
The song of the sweet nightingale,
Capsuled with wailing horns
First, a fatal flaw in Smolin’s scenario is his assumption that universes fine-tuned for black-hole production would also be fine-tuned for the production of stable stars. In fact, the exact opposite is true: the most proficient producers of black holes would be universes that generate primordial black holes prior to star formation, so that life-permitting universes would actually be weeded out by Smolin’s cosmic evolutionary scenario. Thus, it turns out that Smolin’s scenario would actually make the existence of a life-permitting universe even more improbable.
In the good 'ole days when the economy was free-wheeling and the ad agency was dispensing bi-monthly paychecks into my account, I used to IM free-willy style.
Since 2007, when the crisis first hit, prices have fallen sharply with the “Mediterranean Coast” recording an overall decline of 33.1%, over a third of its value. “Capitals and Major Cities” follow with an overall decline of 27.8%, followed by “Metropolitan Areas” with 26.3%, the “Balearic and Canary Islands” with 20.1% and “Other Municipalities”, which includes regions not included in the other categories, with 19.9%.
Revlon Color Cosmetic $1/1
How do you like the process now, amigo?
I thought it was about time I dusted off my cricut and tried the new Tags, Bags, Boxes and More 2 cartridge I purchased a few months back. I used the cart to create the square gable box. I have to admit I much prefer using the Sizzix Eclips these days.
“You’ll love it!” she said. “It’s one of the classics.”
- Introduction to a Devout Life, St. Francis de Sales
When dough is completely thawed it will be puffed up a bit.
Men and women are different - very different.
Will FDA take action against other products containing added caffeine?
These things all require a substantial mind-shift in order for people to accept them and seek appropriate alternatives – and I’m by no means a saint in these aspects myself. But maybe it will be easier to encourage as it is more tangible and can have an instant reward for the individual, rather than the CC-related mitigation efforts that are often out of reach of individual efforts and rely on whole industries to be modified. If enough individuals make the effort to become more sustainable, we could see flow-on benefits for mitigating CC effects. Or maybe it’s all futile and too late and I’d better take off my rose-coloured glasses before I next ride my bike for commuting purposes.
You can imagine the rapturous joy of fans everywhere when a sequel, Duke Nukem Forever, was announced in 1997, and scheduled to launch the following year. 1998 came, and no Duke Nukem, only a trailer at E3 and the announcement that the game developers would be switching from Quake to Unreal engine (hence the delay). Then came 2000, 2001, 2007, 2009. Still no sign of the Duke, only announcements about the game switching developers and some insubstantial teaser trailers. In other words, Duke Nukem died and went to development hell, seemingly forever. Read more about it here.
Thailand is predominantly Buddhist but the three southernmost provinces of Pattani, Yala and Narathiwat are Muslim-dominated and were part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate until annexed by Thailand in 1909.
MA: Do you miss the pressures of Fleet St? You were mightily successful. What's the one thing on a daily basis that tells you that life now is better or worse than it once was. (Sunday mornings must feel odd - no more sense of triumph/dread).
Just over 2% of children at grammar schools are eligible for free school meals compared with a national average of about 16%.
And if I don't have his dinner set... you know he'll make a din"
The cochineal beetle is a native of Peru. When one visits the Highlands, all the prickly pear cacti are covered with a grayish bloom. That gray, that looks like fungus, is actually colonies of these beetles.
Tomato Salsa
“The Supreme Court’s decision not to review this case is befuddling because it has already ruled multiple times in other equal access cases that the First Amendment protects religious worship the same as secular speech.”
A hundred miles an hour in the wrong direction
Science, Technology, and Globalization Project, Harvard Kennedy School
Yup, I got rushed through my appointment so that my doctor could play dress up and have a photo shoot right after. So there I am getting my prescription filled as I watch the doctor walk over to the window, putting on her white lab jacket, as she starts her glamour shot session with the photographer; the scene was both extremely uncomfortable and annoying.
Eight players in the NBA attempted at least 850 shots and had a field goal percent of 43% or worse. Two of those players were Washington Wizards John Wall and Jordan Crawford. The Wizards are the only team with two players on that list.
Here's Laura to tell the tale of the cover:
"Yogurt."
6. Lonely Hard Road (Ballard) 4:23
Generic Solos
I don’t even know half of the supporting characters’ names, but that’s hardly their greatest problem. At best, they’re additional faces to fill the screen and pass the time while Larry flips burgers. At worst, they’re incredibly irritating. The subplot involving the attractive young college student, Talia (Gugu Mbatha-Raw), is, as I say, an odd one. Talia serves as the obligatory “free spirit” offering sage advice about love, life, and not-tucking-in-your-shirt (the perfect example of the annoying cliché ridden supporting cast); only George Takei (of Star Trek fame) manages to raise a smile.
Get out of Comfort Zone. Locking yourself up in a quiet room and forcing yourself to come up with an idea is one of the worst things you can possibly do. Instead, unglue yourself from your desk chair and get out. Go somewhere that is unfamiliar territory to you or someplace that you normally don't hang out and see if anything inspires you. While you may want to choose a place that's secluded so that you can gather your thoughts, sometimes it's best to go to areas that are typically crowded, such as the park, a coffee shop or the airport. This is because crowded areas are great places to eavesdrop and "people watch". You don't want to be a creeper about it, but sometimes things you hear or see from unsuspecting sources can make some of the best dialogue or topics.
We are not exactly sure when or how our bags were located, but on Sunday morning I received a call from Lily. She said that she had an email from Helen that said our bags had been sent. They should be in the states soon! A few minutes later another call said that she had misread her email and that the bags were already in the US! She told me that I should call United and see if they were tracking them for us. Before I had a chance to call United, Brian got a voicemail saying that they were in Milwaukee and were being delivered to us. That afternoon while I was putting Lydia down for her nap, all three bags arrived at our door.
I have three very passionate children. I get the privilege of having a front row seat to several tantrums every day. In every situation, which ever child is throwing the tantrum has determined to be unrelenting until the situation turns to his or her favor. Usually my children can not see that their way will not be best. Their obsession has blinded them. Yet, I do admire them for their enthusiasm. They never give up. Unrelenting Obsession.
Investigations are on into the deaths of hundreds of dolphins that washed up on the northern coast of Peru. Around 877 carcasses of dolphins and porpoises were found on Peruvian beaches in two and half months. Peruvian officials and environmentalists are trying to unravel the mystery behind the phenomenon.
Outfield Your love UK
2) Provide a contact link. Customers like to be able to get in touch. Know what they also like? Easter egg hunts. Who doesn’t love an endless search for the prize? Be sure to hide that contact link in the least likely place you can think of. If you’re really committed to providing a good time, move the link every couple of weeks.
06/22 – Richmond, VA @ Kingdom
warlike!
We here at Leaders Centurions believe that there is something wrong with that picture. No one can and no one has ever fully realized the fullness of their vision from God and had a 9 to 5 job. It simply cannot be done. You cannot service thousands and hold down any kind of employment.
19. Kai (predebut) & Taemin
– Consecutive losses in the Southern Conference tournament, 1961-1978: 17
And it's not "I was wrong."
The artwork:
and its media brethren seem happy to put behind them.
“The exco will be a subset of the board, which will take over the running and management of the airline in the interim. The main decision maker at the airline will be Md Nor,” said the source.
p103-4 “Through their terrifying visions, the prophets but confirmed and amplified Yahweh’s ineluctable chastisement upon His people who had not kept the faith. And it is only insofar as such prophecies were ratified by catastrophes…that historical events acquired religious significance; i.e., that they clearly appeared as punishments inflicted by the Lord in return for the impiousness of Israel. Because of the prophets, who interpreted contemporary events in the light of a strict faith, these events were transformed into ‘negative theophanies,’ into Yahweh’s ‘wrath.’ Thus they not only acquired meaning…but they also revealed their hidden coherence by proving to be the concrete expression of the same single divine will. thus, for the first time, the prophets placed a value on history, succeeded in transcending the traditional vision of the cycle…, and discovered a one-way time.”
- Herman Marqui: saxophone alto
From Bubby: love you
At silly o' clock in the morning, Norma and Arthur Lewis (Diaz & Marsden) are rudely awoken to find a mysterious wee box on their doorstep. It's adorned only with a big red button. A mysterious stranger (played by Frank Langella) later arrives at their house and offers them a deal: press the button and receive $1 million. But someone, somewhere in the world will die. Can the seemingly quite nice Norma and Arthur bring themselves to do it? Maybe they can spend some of the money buying Norma a less stupid name. Although these are the 1970s. I suppose people called Norma were all the rage, otherwise we wouldn't have so many pensioners called Norma now.
This evening, I was drinking next to the new chef. Nice guy. I reckon the food looks very good indeed. It should be changing soon. Interesting.
It starts at our…
I ate this on Friday night as "carb-loading" for my Saturday trail run.
And you know, I don't want to be protected from the culture, frankly. It is our world, our mission field. Filled with hurting and hungry souls desperate for the love that does not disappoint.
Black Dog
DEUTERONOMY 13:4
Will anyone even notice? Have the GOP candidates – or any candidate for Congress, for that matter – devoted anything but token attention and interest to Afghanistan? No, they’re all breathlessly laying out plans to start a war with Iran, taking care to stand behind the podium to hide their erections. The war nobody paid attention to, fought for reasons Afghans didn’t understand and toward ends that Americans couldn’t define, will finally get the full attention of the political system…when the candidates decide that it will be a convenient excuse to call Obama a quitter, pansy, cheese-eating surrender monkey, and betrayer of the American way.
Neclace: Etsy
Björk Hyperballad IS
2. Breathe (Reprise)
around 1 a.m.
None of my team mates seemed to find anything unusual in either my inability to get within five yards of my opposite number, or the awkward running gait that the swelling had left me with. I soon came to realise I was nothing more than a vocal passenger in the game, with no choice but to wave the white flag. Mark Reeves replaced me, with the game nicely poised at one goal each. Ben Rowe had equalised by dribbling around the goalkeeper. Although Bush Hill went into a 3-1 lead by half-time, there was little evidence of what was to come, as we had made frequent visits into the penalty area, getting behind Bush's defence and creating chances on several occasions.
Since I am writing romance and have mysteries in my stories, I also have two special extra steps. I found I needed mystery techniques to shortcut the information I required for a “who-dunnit” mystery. These include making “Suspect” and “Victim” spreadsheets. On these I have the headings “Character Name and Archetype,” “Relationship to Victim,” “Apparent Motive,” “Hidden Motive,” “Clues.” I like to put character archetypes for my suspects to quickly define them in my head. For Sin, a National Readers’ Choice Award winner, these included Arrogant Duke, Brooding Poet, Dandy, Tortured Lord.
11. Headlines (organ freak out 1) (00:33)
The alternative route is either Guardbridge or Cupar. Normally Guardbridge would be fine but for the past few weeks, Fife council took it upon themselves to close off Strathkinness for resurfacing works. Now I don't live in Strathkinness but I do drive through there a lot and I never had any issues with potholes down there. Speed bumps perhaps but not potholes. Why then is priority being given to that stretch of road when Dairsie Bridge has an emergency closure on it? Don't get me wrong, I don't begrudge Strathkinness getting a nice new surface but the council really needs to keep it's roads open.
Pakistan plans to grant the Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to India, while New Delhi has announced opening up of its market for foreign direct investment (FDI) by Pakistani companies. The two countries have opened a new jointly-operated trade gate at Wahgah border, and large, official trade delegations have visited each other’s countries. Both countries have agreed to liberalise and give multiple entry business visas to each other’s citizens and are discussing the opening of cross-border branches of Indian and Pakistani banks.
So. No secrets. I guess that it doesn’t count if I say that I was desperately, agonizingly reaching for sleep last night and that didn’t happen. I kept expecting…something.
I remember hearing a few years ago that there had at one time been a community of Mohawk Indians living in Boerum Hill and that various bars in the area bore names in reference to Native American culture, such as "The Wigwam," but I never knew any details about their presence here. Thankfully, Brooklynology has posted a great little history about this Brooklyn enclave of the past.
One lucky winner will get to choose her favorite piece from the shop (up to $200). Which would you choose? See them all here.
Today is officially Earth Day around the world.
Aftershave
““I am the Creator of the heavens and the earth, one in Divinity with the Father and the Holy Spirit. I am the one who spoke to the patriarchs and the prophets and the one whom they awaited. For the sake of their longing and in agreement with my promise, I assumed flesh without sin and concupiscence, by entering the womb of the Virgin like the sun shining through the clearest gem. For just as the sun does not damage the glass by entering it, likewise the virginity of the Virgin was not lost when I assumed Manhood. I assumed flesh in such a way that I did not have to forsake my Divinity, and I was no less God – with the Father and the Holy Spirit, governing and upholding all things – although I was in the womb of the Virgin in my human nature. Just as brightness is never separated from fire, so too, my Divinity was never separated from my Humanity, not even in death.
“I could only pray he’d be the winner of my first year on America’s Got Talent. I’d be so honoured. America’s gonna vote and I think America would vote for him. I do. I really do.”
I don't know the specifics of Isley's case, nor do I support tax evasion, but isn't keeping a bankable artist locked up for that long going to cost the government lots more money in the long run?
Therefore, in addition to excitement, we must maintain a certain level of rationality as the world economy is not yet completely out of the shadows, particularly the outbreak of debt crisis in European countries. Consistency is the most pragmatic way to face the unknown future.
All the trembling sweetness
For a short time in the spring, Yellowstone National Park opens the roughly 50-mile section of road between park headquarters in Mammoth Hot Springs, Wyo., and West Yellowstone only to bicyclists, walkers or rollerbladers. Given the variety of wildlife, the scarcity of vehicles and the sweeping vistas of snowy mountains, waterfalls and boiling thermal features, it has to be one of the most incredible and unusual bicycle rides in the United States, if not the world.
Dinner - Salisbury steak, garlic mashed potatoes, green beans with bacon
“Taseko Mines Ltd. is pushing the Harper government to reconsider a controversial gold-copper mining project in the B.C. interior. A Vancouver company pushing the Harper government to reconsider a controversial gold-copper mining project in the B.C. interior has privately urged Ottawa to ignore aboriginal requests to consider native “spirituality” as a factor in their determination, according to a letter the company sent to Environment Minister Peter Kent. A new federal environmental review panel “does not have any right to attribute significance to the spirituality of a place per se,” wrote Taseko Mines Ltd. President Russell Hallbauer in a letter obtained under the Access to Information Act and provided to The Vancouver Sun by B.C. independent MLA Bob Simpson.
* Natural.
Last Monday at about 8:00 I got sick. It was like some invisible hand had hit a switch. Fine one moment, sore throat and a bit woozy the next.
I have had a very busy weekend--full of pure WORK and a few fun chores. I did get out for about an hour today to go to Walmart. I bought 4 big clear plastic bins so I can go back down to the basement and get rid of some cardboard boxes full of stuff that I will put in the clear bins so I can find what I need.
2009 Comply Or Die (2nd), Arteea (10th); 2010 Comply Or Die (12th), Piraya (13th), Pablo Du Charmil (Fell 2nd), Madison Du Berlais (Fell 19th), The Package (UR 19th); 2011 Piraya (19th), Or Noir De Somoza (Fell 6th), Comply Or Die (PU bef 29th)
These few degenerate ladies don’t speak for any decent family oriented women. There are many Women, live their lives with respect and passion. And south is full of them. God may bless those good women.
Be sure to pop over to the Get Picky site to check out the dt's stunning layouts and also link up your own before the 28th to be in the running for the fantastic SRM sticker prize.
But when these all have failed the test,
There were about 30 dogs boarding there at the time, but only half of them left their kennels, according to a clinic employee.
So obvious, in fact, were the defects of the scheme that a year before, in September 2008, The Guardian, while acknowledging the "brilliant courage and ingenuity" of the British, dismissed it as a "glorious but dangerous folly".
For four of the people here, they come home one day and the sink is magically empty, ready for more victims of ramen and hot pockets. For me, I am the one cleaning mold off week old plates. I’m not really acting like everyone’s bitch, it’s just that I like doing dishes. It’s kind of calming in the storm of tests, zombie killing, and drunk girls. Plus my mom inadvertently trained me to like doing them a certain way, and I can’t say all the other people here would do them to my standards. Or at all.
When I asked the manager about the origins of Bistecca alla Fiorentina and of it being a specific breed of Italian bovine, he shook his head and said that no, he didn’t think so. Damn. I had hoped—just a little.
At the time, I did not realize that I was about to test him to see what he was made of, but looking back it is clear as day!
The Transformation experience is designed to help you achieve results while greatly increasing your ability to maintain these successes throughout your life. To achieve this objective, your Transformation will evolve over a 12-week period. Important principles will be introduced at each step in the process—designed to help you move on to the next level. Results will come as you implement each principle and then incorporate it into your daily routine.
5/16 Toronto, ON - Horseshoe Tavern
Going forward, I need to remember with 100% conviction that my entire life is forever and always 100% emanated and controlled by him. I am in his pure land. My ‘normal’ life is my life in his pure land, specifically within the charnel grounds of Keajra (Keajra is within Dorje Shugden’s protection circle/pure land). Others will still see samsara, but I will know better – I will know that I am actually in the charnel grounds. I am in the pure land. VGL once said that the mind of lamrim IS (itself) Akanishta Pure Land. In the same way, the mind that is the 100% conviction that I am in the pure land is itself the pure land. It becomes true at an ultimate level since all things are empty, it becomes true at a practical/experiential level since that is how I will live and experience my life, and it is true at a causal level since by adopting this view I will create the karmic causes for it to become actually true (in terms of what karma is actually ripening) in the future. The human resources office at the State Department which will be making the decisions about where I go is actually part of DS’s mandala, sending me to different parts or corners of my mind. I can recall Chodar’s bag “Travel in Mind”. That is exactly what I will be doing.
Some would call her a widow, while others will say she is in mourning
Don't worry. No one was hurt thankfully.
So I look for what we can make a part of our home life. I look for what we can make a part of our family experience. I look for what doesn't leave us exhausted and frazzled. I look for what can be made to work over a wide stretch of ages, so my children can all participate together rather than going off to separate activities.
am so inspired by them and somehow I have a flavor of them in this piece!
This fortnight's challenge is being sponsored by the fabby Meljen Designs who are offering our lucky winner 4 images of their choice, so I hope we'll see you all joining in with the challenge again this time and don't forget to check out the challenge blog for the winner of our Simon Says Stamp prize and our Top 3 from last time.
Anyway, the NCIS episode ended with the crew showing Bob Newhart’s character a video montage of all the work he’d done there, including all the people he’d helped. The following song was also playing during those closing scenes. While I’m not much for all the religion in the lyrics, I do love the sound and the imagery is awesome!
A wedding planner can help you find your vendors, manage all the logistics on the big day, take care of your wedding to-dos (there are over 150 of them) and in many cases act as your BFF when your mom, fiance and friends stop replying to your emails.
My way through chimeric visions
4. The Library Journal copy then sums up for us the power of the story—“This is a heartbreaking look at how a teenager can be defined by one mistake.”
11:45 am – 1 pm Lunch (on your own)
I guess even the people in the Middle Ages who made this woodcut thought a literal talking tower was a bit silly
which is N76 m apiece.a deal which attracted an audit query from the
The Supreme Court on Thursday found Prime Minister Gilani guilty of contempt of court and gave him a symbolic sentence of less than a minute for failing to reopen the corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari despite several court orders.
The lionization of Dick Clark since his death has fascinated me in that, while the guy was indeed a part of all of our childhoods, he wasn’t a particularly “warm” media personality. Oh sure, his Top 40 DJ voice was mellow and very pleasant to listen to, and he had the cleancut good looks of any era’s boy next door. But Dick Clark was a host and nothing more. Like Ryan Seacrest today, he was an anodyne presence who had no show-biz persona to speak of — he ushered kids onto a studio set to dance to records and he ushered
1 A.M
1. The Greek “Great Chain of Being”
Otherwise, we'd love to hear from you. Contact us / send stuff to
stage right
Have you noticed how many lights are twinkling this year? It seems like there are more than in years past. Could it be the rainbow of colored lights has returned? I’m glad. The years of white only lights seems to have given way to the “new/old” colors.
So I’ve been busy with my other blog and other stuff since last Thursday, that’s why I didn’t have the time to blog. Today is a Wednesday and I’ve got nothing to do, so I decided to just blog and go to the bookstore later this afternoon.
“I should say not. Forgive me, Mr. Tibbs, but he appears, by all accounts, to be quite mad.”
This will shutdown your computer.
Remain objective. State the problem and the effect the problem is having. This will help the employee understand the ramifications of his or her behaviors or actions.
Today the CEO has reversed that controversial stance after two Facebook pages attracted thousands vowing to ban the company and seeking his resignation.
The second woman we interviewed was Melina Bernadine. She answered questions about the neighborhood that I didn’t even know I had to begin with. She also gave us some interesting and memorable advice. She said, "Get involved in your community. Get to know who your politicians are. Ask questions. And - The most important thing of all is to love yourself and love where you come from."
Hello Fellow Bloggers!
Title: ZOMBIE RABBIT
to create a little heat
I decided to do some framed pieces this time
3 cloves of garlic – 2 minced, 1 sliced in half
Editorial: France is now a country divided. A line of demarcation near the Loire Valley, about 80 miles south of Paris divides the country into the haves and the have nots. Either you've got it or you don't. Sunny weather, that is...
City of the...
Cows have a reproductive cycle just like people. When a cow is able to get pregnant, we say she is “in heat”. When a cow is coming into heat, she will just generally act different. Often, she will rest her head on another cow, or she might stand away from the rest of the herd mooing about nothing. There are also some subtle signs like a rise in body temperature and a higher activity level. The most noticeable and definite sign of a heat is mounting, or even more-so, being mounted.
Affordable glasses are important in today's economy because rising food & fuel costs are making basic living expenses harder and harder to afford. Why not save some money when buying eyewear so you can put it towards something you really need, like groceries! That's what I would do. What would you do with the extra money you could save by buying your eyeglasses from Zenni Optical?
The Emmaus story provides a hopeful image—that we are not alone in our pain and confusion. The image is of God walking alongside human confusion, pain and loss of faith and hope. Emmaus invites us to expect God to seek us out in these places. But Jesus may come in a way that is unrecognizable. He may come as a stranger along an ordinary road, the road each of us is on every day.
Many in the Lib Dems have talked about the crowded centre ground of British politics and this makes it a more difficult place to be distinctive. But tradition still clearly plays a big part in people’s voting habits. The traditional voter base of the Conservative and Labour Parties are much larger than that of the Liberal Democrats. So how do the Lib Dems increase their traditional voter base?
“The rooms and houses were cheap, so that’s where I stayed,” he smiled.
We have been doing practise tests at home with me reading him the questions. He is doing quite well and is feeling good about it all. With the numeracy tests he is even ENJOYING them and thinks they are fun.
And so I read.
The well-written, four-page History of Mars section begins big, with a creation story, the introduction of a supreme Intellect and existential threats to the Aether and Void in the form of the Dark Ones. It moves on quickly through the creation of the telepathic and amphibious Skvani - ocean-dwellers on a still far distant Mars - the attack of the Lalk and the production of the slave race of the Grays. Again, those challenges.
According to Amherst police logs (12:38 AM, early Sunday morning):
As a note, I did cook it and then remove some for son to eat WITHOUT oyster sauce as he is allergic. His tasted significantly different without the addition of the oyster sauce but delicious nonetheless.
They also offer all manner of fun stuff for guys...
2. From Mentor to Mindguide "Both experts and upstarts claim to see unlimited potential in shared wisdom, Dr. Ellen Weber points out. "Yet seasoned mentors advise clever cronies to operate much like themselves, in spite of rapidly changing horizons."
Stairs
Here's a picture of the curds draining:
Where my problem lies however is when individuals do these design tutorials, and put up the finished tutorial and then claim it as an original piece. Come on! At least give credit where credit is due. Even professionals when they use a style or or a plug-in they plug the original owner of that plug-in or the creator of the style.
Google clones Dropbox: lock, stock, and privacy gaffe – Google Drive looks like just another ho-hum Dropbox clone. Same feature set, same market positioning. But was it really necessary for Google to copy the outrageously unfair terms of service.
The Lively Morgue, as it is called, is going to feature historic photographs from the Times' sizable collection. Did I say sizable? I mean gi-normous. Here's their own description of the collection's parameters:
I am about to have my sister, Barbara, for a few days. We are going to make cards while she is here. Thank goodness I will have her to push me! :^) Apparently I need someone to do that right now.
All of these circles were cut with the Circle Scissors Plus. That lovely designer paper is Autumn Spice from the Holiday Mini Catalog. :)
I think, even more so after attending this panel, that we truly all are Nerds, in one sense or another. Nerds are individuals with a strong love for something; be it a movie, book, series…. ANYTHING goes, & they are proud of their likes. What is something that you’re simply passionate about? Get your Nerd on & share with me!
There are lots of signs of an anti-social-computing culture. The tendency to run everything by the lawyers. Endless rounds of revisions with final approval by top executives. A prohibition of social media site usage while at work. Blocking YouTube. Some of these tendencies can be overcome, and some might be enough to indicate problems with social computing acceptance. If your general organizational culture emphasizes tightly controlling the message, you’re not likely to succeed with social media.
You all know how much I love a good launch party ... what you might not know is that I'm laid up with a stress fracture in my left foot, and I have a cast and everything. It's kind of hard to party in a cast, so I made a decision: if I can't come to the party, I'll bring the party to me!
US researchers found that the popular cinema snack contains high levels of polyphenols, a type of antioxidant that can help prevent cellular damage by molecules called free radicals.
Chasing cats & squirrels
Just so you know. Okay? Okay.
1 refrain
The last day of FatMumSlim's Photo A Day Challenge is today :( Sigh...
She looked at me again and I thought her glasses would fall off soon if she kept doing that. “Very well then, don’t make a mess.” She turned and went back to her desk to file books or whatever she does up there. Personally, I thought she looked at porn.
b. July 24, 1725; d. December 21, 1807
And I would point out that the Trayvon Martin-Zimmerman story really faded once photographs of Zimmerman in court appeared. Wonder why?
I've been enjoying the front garden so much lately that I've hardly taken time to enjoy the rest of the garden this summer. Our front yard is the sunniest and warmest place to spend the day, and with the lack of sun we'd been having for most of the summer, I chose not to spend the sunny days in the shady backyard. After lots of sunny days in a row, and more predicted to come, I took some time to clean out the pond and enjoy how pretty it looks in the backyard now. There are still plants that are behind in their blooming, but I'm hoping they'll just bloom longer into August and September.
Many people don’t care for Zombies and I can understand that opinion in some cases. Many think that the genre has been overdone. The fact of the matter is there has been such an evolution in the genre as of late that there are some new and fresh perspectives that breathe new life into the Undead.
Earlier on, while writing it, she’d been interrupted by Becky who told her that she quickly needed to get on a bus and go 5-hours away for an interview she didn’t even have an appointment for. No, I didn’t make this up.
About 4am, 30 DBKL officers moved into the square and advised students who were protesting about the issue of free tertiary education to pack up their things and leave.
ATTORNEY: Do you recall the time that you examined the body?
Cardigan: Old Navy, $16.00
"I know honey. I would too".
Most people assume that these clowns will do so much damage between now and 2015 that they couldn’t get elected dog-catcher. I don’t buy that.
Novoselic
Thank you for the visit, happy stamping...
A technical operator for a television network
Not that race is even “real” in the biological sense–the biological differences between people with different skin colors, facial structures, and whatever else you’d like to add to the list are negligible. But race is a social reality–it shapes peoples’ cultures and attitudes toward one another.
If you are unaware of what a SWARM is... it's a collection of "bugs", aka Cricuts!!! Non bugs are welcome too! It will be a weekend full of camaraderie, food and PAPER!!
But my words were to have little effect and as we left, I saw that the slave had gone. We knew where Sestillius’s room was and we went towards it though we had to scale the wall and slip in through the window. Thankfully, Fortunata was not there. On the table we saw another scroll. This we examined:
The question of how to respond as a person of privilege to injustice is one that I experienced not only as a child in South Africa, but also one I have wrestled with in Israel and here in America. It is Dr. King and the vision of the Civil Rights movement that provided me with an answer to the question.
Be sure to look at the Design Team Blogs.. (If you click on their names above you will be taken to their blogs). As they may just have some MORE Candy for you.
That music hath a far more pleasing sound:
If there were the sound of water only
have a torn retina and have a lazer
dipping sauce
It was after our gig this morning, as my chorus members were munching on bad falafel, that one of them told me something that made me laugh, and laugh, and laugh, and laugh. I’m not sure I’ve discovered comic gold this fantastic since 9/11.
Sorry about the math. Are you still with me? Please stay. Stay to help me. I really need help. Duh.
blueprint
having kept vara siddhi vinAyaka dEvata in mind,
~ Simply be a follower of this blog or become one! Then leave a comment to this post to add your name to the drawing. BE SURE TO ADD YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS SO I CAN CONTACT THE WINNER!
I remember when my first-born hit this age, and I panicked. What in the world was going on? I had obviously failed in some, or more, parts of my parenting, because this child was absolutely crazy! He didn't know what he wanted, he didn't like what he used to like, he couldn't do very simple tasks he used to excel at. And then he'd turn around and say the sweetest thing. What was going on here? One minute I was hugging him, the next I wanted to lock him up in a sound-proof, padded room. Our relationship was a giant pendulum swinging from beautiful to ugly in the matter of minutes.
cherry blossom, railings, wheely bins outside my house.
7. ‘We wish you’d make the first move sometimes”
This is a verse that has really stood out to me lately. It truly reveals a lot about what we will go through as Christians. When we decide to go all in, and really become “sold out” for Christ, the world is not going to understand it. We are different. God says himself that we are to live “no longer on the world’s terms,” but on HIS terms. This requires us to live a life unlike anything that is sold to us in the world. Even some of the people closest to us will not be able to relate to us anymore. And as we continue to grow in Christ, this sometimes may cause separation between us and people we were once close to. Does this mean we are to cut them out completely? No. We are still to be a light to those people, and show them the love of Christ, but sometimes when people grow, they grow apart.
Isn’t this lack of anonymity a real kick in the head?
The City of New York offered developers a higher Floor Area Ratio (FAR) in exchange for creating public plazas at new developments so, in theory, as the city built a world-class skyline, it would also create world-class public spaces. What followed however was many poorly designed and under-used corporate plazas, often with no public access. The concern was not to increase density but to allow more light and air within the same density or even to ‘thin’ the city out at the height of cold war concerns about vulnerability to nuclear attacks.
Everyone besides me had been girl scouts since they were “daisies” which I think begins sometime between conception and birth. Most of the girls ate, slept, and breathed the girl scout honor. They had so many badges their sashes were full and they had to attach their plethora of badges to a felt shield or their training bras or something. I made it to maybe every other meeting, and had 4 badges. I just wasn’t the gold-award bound scout that the others were.
What about you, the guy writing this — who are you?
I mean we had a good laugh.....
Some imaginative and well known chicken 65 speculations:
The Starter Kitchen by Callum Hann (2010 runner up of Masterchef Australia) is surprisingly a solid beginners cook book. It goes beyond most first cookbooks with over 60 inspiring recipes. It features typical classics like scrambled eggs, the perfect steak, roast chicken, spag bol, shepherd’s pie, chips, and vanilla panna cotta.
It should be a crime to be so handsome AND talented! Scot Meacham Wood, San Francisco based designer, is definitely one of my favorite designers/bloggers. His rooms are refreshing, colorful, personal, and sharply appointed.
When there are too many things happening, or too much stuff around you, it distracts you from your goals and desires. This is the perfect time to do some spring cleaning (or fall cleaning) and prepare yourself for allowing the new into your life. Eliminate clutter from your surroundings as well as from your mind. Release all things that no longer serve your growth.
Then what do we do with water baptism? It was under the Law a requirement for personal salvation. From Mark 16:16 the words of Christ were, “He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved.” That is why Peter preached in Acts 2:38, “Repent and be baptised every one of you…for the remission of sins.” But that was again directed to Israel and commands of the Mosaic Law. If water washed our sins away what would be the need for the blood of Christ?
First of all, every one of the crystals I have given out both last year and this year are all infused with the accelerated energy process that is housed in my personal crystal. So whatever is taking place on earth, is amplified by those connected to the crystalline energy infused with…. god only knows what. I sure am not going to pretend to know here!! But the one thing I know (and see) is the linkage of energy between all the crystals given out and the ones that I still have.
Stage 4: Baby survivalOnce you bring that bundle of joy home you realize that it is going to be hard enough to raise the child when you need ot focus the next 18 years just keeping him alive. There are outlets that are perfectly fork-sized, the blades on the ceiling fan turn way too fast and thank God you got rid of that life sized storm trooper, he would have fallen on the baby.
If we look at the incident files in question, the second (incident=2356996) is a continuation of the first (incident=2356995).
measures approx. 16" tall ~
Found myself on this mad mission
That none of these are the one last thing that she wanted to say today. It is something even I cannot tell you. It is something only she can say. To only you. It will have to wait until “later.”
All hell broke loose as the Mom completely lost it and grabbed Slappy's hair with a vengeance. Slappy grabbed back and for a moment, they were locked in a battle of the hair grip. In a matter of seconds, these two women had gone from calm Parisians to two shrieking, clawing, punching banshees at each others' throats. The two other members of the Four Mamas wrenched the now flailing Mom out of Slappy's grip and the three of them shot back across the grass, again, moving as one giant khaki pant. And then Slappy did the MOST surprising thing to me. She sat back down calmly, opened her paper back up and simply continued reading. I sat in shock, staring at her and wondering how she could have raised such hell and then just calmly sit back down as though she hadn't just bitchslapped a kid and tried to rip the Mom's face off.
As you may recall Kyoungmo Kim of now disbanded Especially When (interview & download link for one of the best songs ever written here) has started anew with Sunkyeol. Eager as I am to learn more about this band that already has had me obsessively playing the same song(s) over and over again, I'm very happy that he took the time to answer a few questions for Indieful ROK:
Finally I learned that you can put a huge project on hold within one afternoon
records." Only later, in transciption, do I realise how expertly she
The following day I had to go back to my family doctor becuase the pain had not subsided. He diagnosed me in two seconds after taking a simple urine test. I had a urinary tract infection.
A delicious steamed pudding stogged full of scrummy almond flavour and slathered with morello cherry preserves. Served with a custard sauce, this is old school, stodge, deliciousness!
But then I had a bittersweet phone conversation on Skype and met beautiful little Laura. And the next evening my best friends and husband stepped in at just the right time and organized another, delayed birthday party for me. Just to remind me that I am one lucky girl, with lots of great friends and a job to keep me safe and comfortable.
“As readers of this site know, May 27, 2012, is the time that I have stated as being the date Jesus Christ will return as King of kings over all government on this earth. For such an event to come to pass, the Trumpets of Revelation must all sound, the United States and dollar collapse, the ten nations of Europe arise to fulfill the final revival of the Holy Roman Empire, and Russia with China must unite against Europe in WWIII.”
Loose Lips Sink Ships – Posted on April 13, 2012 by editor
You can read “The Woman’s Handbook from beginning to end or randomly open this book for a quick boost when you need inspiration.
This recipe is linked to the following blog carnivals.
Wisconsin Rapids’ cellphone ban goes into effect this weekend, but authorities say it is more about educating people than about issuing citations.
for eons
Nonetheless, they have been cranking out 1934-series bonds for many years now. This situation has reached a peak point of crisis. The aggrieved countries have formed an alliance to stop the corruption.
200 g corinths
I really don’t think I have ever quit anything. I mean, I quit a few jobs when I was younger but felt terrible about it. I have never given up on a project, a hobby, a round of golf, a run or a workout.
I see myself as a sadist
Obviously I’m only telling you this cautionary tale as an excuse to play not one but two versions of the song. One by NWA, the other an acoustic version by Nina Gordon. Both very different, both very potty mouthed.
Not often. The internet continues to amaze me with new things like this.
It was inspiring to be there.
ZB-It’s good. I like it.
I’ve found a small office of the same lab that never seems to be all that busy which makes me feel the specimens and the results will be well looked after. This may not be true at all, but I like the psychological comfort it gives me.
The main reason is actually not the pigtails, though that is an important factor. It's mainly because I don't even WANT to be on the guild site. I completely appreciate the thought that they still want to include me after I quit and since I run the vent, but aside from this blog (and I know that this is going to make no sense) I'm generally pretty private when it comes to my pictures going up and online. I don't even have pictures for my Facebook or Google+ accounts. It's hard enough for my own family to take pictures of my when we have those stupid family gatherings, I'm elusive as fuck. There is only one picture on the web of me and I plan to hold it there for a very long time.
The kitties just LOVE watching all the activity from their perch by the front window. Must try to capture a shot of that. :)
“And you have forgiven me?”, I said as I handed her the roses.
I wanted to read it first, because I thought it might be a little too old for her. However, I find that I can read books aloud to her that might be just a bit above her reading level, as long as the story is appropriate. Well, I loved this book as soon as I started it! She is a strong reader for a second grader, so she's actually reading it on her own, but I think it would be appropriate to read aloud to ages six or seven and up (all the way up to young teens). My complete review of the book is here.
I came home and I called people. I called lots of people. I made plans, I dealt with shit like a pro.
Meanwhile pressure on the Chancellor increased as a thinktank set up by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith shredded his proposal to remove child benefit from higher-rate taxpayers from next year.
Oskar Blues - The original OB location, the heart and soul of the company, is located in Lyons, CO and is the perfect place to grab dinner on your way back to Denver after a day spent hiking Rocky Mountain National Park. Cajun food, live blues music, an old school arcade in the basement and a small brewing system used for pilot batches and the beer sold on tap. The newer OB brewpub, Oskar Blues Homemade Liquids and Solids, is located in Longmont and features over 40 beers on tap including rotating guest selections and OB rarities. Featuring a large menu, live music, fun atmosphere and patio seating complete with boccie ball, its easy to spend all day here. Just blocks away is the OB brewery where all their beer is brewed and canned. Inside the brewery is a small bar called the Tasty Weasal. No guest taps here, but you may find rare OB batches like Stranahan's barrel aged Ten FIDY or Belgian Dale's Pale Ale. Of course, they have live music here too.
And people should know that RIGHT NOW Barack Obama is continuing to try to criminally prosecute the incredible men and women who gave us the intelligence breakthroughs that got Osama bin Laden:
Do people regret getting tattoos?
Recipe slightly adapted from About.com
Her email response was, “LOL”.
Nick could have tried to teach me something by letting each wild shot go past him and making me run after the ball to pick it up, but the lesson I would have learned may not have been about tennis. It may have been about him. What I might have learned was that he wasn't fun to play with. That he had the ability to keep the ball in play, but was unwilling to put forth the effort.
So it's time for the mementos to go. I still know all the words by heart; I don't need the pants or the action figure or the poster or the toilet paper. I don't need memorabilia to remember.
I also pointed to the DJ and said that he was an excellent teacher who taught social tango, and he should look into classes with him as well as observe what happened on the dance floor. How did the better dancers ask others to dance? How do they behave?
1. Gas & Fuel
Wild windy day today. We got our ride in early to beat the nasty weather approaching the region, started out at 7am. Yes I know, too keen, we did beat the worst of it but oh my Moniave to Dalry with a very strong headwind, painful! The bacon butties in New Galloway were very welcome indeed. What a place to cycle in though, we are so lucky living here, it's an amazing area.
5 p.m. – MMoCA: Muse Fest Gala Concert. Featuring special guests Sole Nero, and works by Robert Honstein, John C. Griffin, Elizabeth Nonemaker, and Lansing McLoskey
Force feeding a living creature is never cruelty free. I readily admit that foie gras practices are in very many cases barbaric. Which is why I am careful about where I buy it. I won't buy it in restaurants, for example, becase I can't be sure of where it comes from.
I also cut several pieces of wood to form both a shelf -- for placing some plants currently still outdoors, which will also have to come inside for the Winter -- & as a "shelter" where the tortoises can retreat to find a darker, calmer spot, in which to meet their needs of a place to conceal themselves, as they would do in nature.
"There’ve been no indications of a sudden dive like this,” Myers continued, sounding defensive. “We’re constantly conducting demographic surveys and the data from each census is analysed. If there were any such indicators, they would have emerged in the trends."
the nation of immigrants narrative
that I had to risk my life and perform a daring circus act in order to walk
Dies: Go Kreate XXL Square Frames Frilly #5; Spellbinders Classic Hearts, Classic Scalloped Heartsand Rose Creations; Memory Box Amana Circle; BossKut Flower Flourish
For desserts, Hubby had the cold sweetened almond cream (RM8 which they overcharged me by RM2 again) which was slightly diluted compared to our last visit while I had the chilled mango cream with pomeli and vanilla ice cream(RM10) since they ran out of the lemongrass pudding that I wanted. Baby C had 1 scoop of vanilla ice-cream (RM3) while my parents shared the deep fried glutinous ball with sesame paste (RM6).
At the end, Webber brought out Sarah Brightman, the original Christine, and the 5 Phantoms (including the original Phantom, Michael Crawford) who had played throughout the years on stage. It was breathtaking. If I was in the audience, I would have definitely joined the viewers in a standing ovation. SO much emotion and sexiness (I love when the Phantom urges Christine to sing for him. Such a hot scene!)
BAHASA TRANSLATION :
Not imagination, but perception, not questioned or doubted but overwhelmingly transformative.
After researching things like LED lights and making containers out of rubbermaid bins, I asked myself if it was really the way to go. Maybe I should have soil-growing containers around the house instead. Eventually I probably will do a bit of both, but after reading about the benefits of hydroponic gardening I’m happy with it.
The church is called to fruit by remaining connected to the life giving/love flowing sap of the Shepherd-Vine.
Buttons are blue
No more war pigs have the power
You guys are awesome!
My first ever attempt at making a molten lava cake, and also my first bite at one. I must wonder why I haven't made it earlier. It's like biting into a chocolate cake, then taking a sip from a cup of the thickest hot chocolate. You know, like the ones in Belgium where they make it with real chocolate and cream.
So after a terrible week fighting this flue, and ending it on a high note with a super productive day I'm giving out this coupon to all Designs by Jessie customers!!
25 Double-Unders
Like his brother from another mother, William Shatner, did last week, Mr. Nimoy turns 81 years old today, and he’s still running like the Energizer Bunny shot-gunning Red Bull.
Serve over warm scones with jam. Delicious!
If the law requires you to run, what message does this send? The message becomes loud and clear that the streets belong to the thugs and criminals who are free to seek out their victims who they know are at a disadvantage since their intended victim does not have the option of fighting back. Also, as a practical matter, we all know that under these circumstances, the criminal is long gone by the time the police get involved and the criminal goes unpunished. I believe that this is wrong because it gives the criminal control of the situation and reduces the victim to a helpless pawn in the criminal’s game. This is no way to stop or discourage crime.
Jonathan and I have been friends since high school in Houston. We were in the anti-nuclear war club together. Later on, we were in a couple of bands called Cheezus and Noodle. Whether we were disrupting lunch with a die-in in front of the school cafeteria or throwing cheese slices at clubgoers, we always talked a lot about music. From Big Joe Turner to the Butthole Surfers, Jonathan knows his stuff.
Walking with me to my car last evening to say good night, my friend pointed out a steak house across Main Street in Dallas where the steaks are 40 bucks each. I commented that I’ve virtually stopped eating red meat. This is not a conscious decision to help the environment or avoid ingesting hormones. No, it is a simple matter of convenience—when I simplified my diet (with remarkable and felicitous results), preparing a steak or a burger became more bother than it’s worth.
On Sunday, I hit the downtown location, and had a great workout: after warming up, I did 35 minutes of weights, 5 minutes of rowing, and 17 minutes on an elliptical. But my Saturday workout at the northwest location is the momentous one, because it was during that workout that I reached TWO big milestones.
That was a nice change of pace.
Thank you for all your comments about Spotty on my last post. He has arthritis in his hind legs, and my concerns with his recent stiffness was that it is getting worse. The exercises are helping and he is getting extra supplements with his feed to help. He is only 9 but pulled a cart or trap before he came to the centre. I suspect he was asked to pull a too heavy load and this could be why he has arthritis. As I own him now, I make sure that he receives the very best care and attention. He is one very loved pony!
6. In the younger part.
Of Self Injury……..
More information on chainsaw operation and safety can be found at Tim's website www.ForestApps.com
I'm wondering if it was for insurance purposes, or title purposes...we even found our house from 1993! Talk about weird!!! I bet if people knew she was just tossing out pictures with addresses of their homes they probably wouldn't like it very much!! The oldest looks to be from 1991, so they aren't what I would consider old, but they aren't new either.
My parents started packing their home into boxes mid December and ever since then, I've been getting emails, texts and calls from my mother, all sounding something like this
Another element that I so love about Screaming for Vengeance is that, while it's immortal in quality, the album is very easily dated to the 80s and influential on so many greats to follow from Europe and the states. The zephyr-like reverb on the instruments, the huge if simple guitar hooks built to fill an arena, this was all a blueprint for hundreds of speed, power and even hard rock acts through the decade, and I really loved this sense of grand production, something we seem to miss in this modern age of excess tracking and digitized over-polish. Not that Screaming for Vengeance isn't 'clean' or mainstream enough sounding to satisfy even the most ardent pop audience, but there's just this sense of glory through the album that I don't get out of Rhapsody or Dragonforce, despite all their advancements in speed and technicality. This is not the best of Priest, but it's very far up the scale, hot enough to burst the mercury from its thermometer.
On top of it all, two teachers on my team retired after 20+ years at the same school in the same grade. I moved into one of their old rooms and sifted through ALL of their great stuff (and let's face it, some not so great stuff after all those years of teaching).
Come join us at IRA 2012 in Chicago for a Special Interest Group featuring David Lubar, Kristin Simmons, Kendare Blake, Annette and Gina Cascone on Tues. May 1, 2012 9 – 11:45 a.m.
As I’ve mentioned before, I’ve had three grueling deadlines since January.
The fabric vessel started off life as a flat uninteresting piece of rust dyed felt that came to life when it was distressed with both a soldering iron and heat gun. Lutradur is intriguing in that it doesn't have a grain, doesn't fray, loves paint and can also be heat distressed making it the perfect choice to layer with the felt. Once the two fabrics were glued together there was only one seam left to cover. After trying a variety of ways to cover the untidy seam I settled on a fabric wire wrapped stick and some yarn.
Besides the tantrums, she has approached it all with gusto and confidence. The baby who slept in our bed, breastfed constantly and needed to be held to not be screaming, the child who I was making numerous rods for my own back with, is the most outgoing, self assured, clever little girl ever.
I used to love the StarKist tuna commercials, but always thought it was kind of morbid that Charlie's dream was to be caught by a fisherman so he could in essence be "processed" and sold as StarKist tuna! There was a rumor floating around for years that Charlie Tuna's likeness was created by actor James Dean, several years before the StarKist company started using Charlie at their mascot. It stemmed from one of James Dean's friends stating he was with him one night in a Los Angeles diner when Dean sketched out Charlie. This claim has been shunned by both the StarKist company and Tom Rogers, the artist who created Charlie. Furthermore, no real evidence has ever been found to truly support the claim.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Please allow time for parking to avoid missing any of the fun, so be sure to be at the coffee house well before 7:00 PM. We try not to start the show until everyone has settled with a tasty beverage.
As I have been checking out more and more blogs I am discovering that my iPhone doesn't take the greatest pics... ;) I am SO JEALOUS of all of the incredible photography skills that so many of you ladies have!
Whew. Where was I? So H.M. has a small staph infection above her eyelashes and we caught it very early and she's on antibiotics and we just need to keep an eye on it. (Although every time my pediatrican says "staph" now, a vein in my forehead commences to throb and my jaw clenches unconsciously. And probably will for the rest of my life). She may be more prone to staph infections than other children for now. Or forever. For the concerned parents out there whose children were in recent contact with H.M., be not afraid. Unless she rubbed her finger on her eyelashes and then immediately rubbed it into an open wound on your child, you are probably in the clear. Wonder Boy hasn't had any staph infections since all this went down, and he and H.M. regularly share food, share baths, share a toilet seat, and sneeze on each other. There haven't been any outbreaks of staph at H.M.'s daycare based on her presence there. She's not Typhoid Mary. (Note to self: back off, you're starting to sound a little defensive). But if I were in your shoes, I would completely understand if you felt if you felt a little frisson of concern and called your pediatrician. Because I'm not a doctor and don't play one on TV.
To make all your friends feel like there is something in them.
– Ibid
TV Shows that I like watching: House Hunter International, Saturday Night Live, Queen of NY
When people without a knowledge of Korean music find out that that's what I usually listen to, they will always ask me why - what makes it so special? My response is usually something lame about how it's not all that different from music available in other parts of the world before I briefly explain why that's all I listen to anyway. With 잠비나이 I can finally give an example of something that is uniquely Korean and so far everybody I've played their music to have given a positive response.
For now, I think that I’m going to try them. I am going to make a run out to Tempe, to a shop that specializes in derby gear. It’s run by a couple of guys that skate in a men’s league. They know their stuff, and according to Ruthie, are great at working with all levels of skater. I’m hoping to get some pointers and one more reason to do this.
When opened, Whit’s lady-parts must have been like parting the Red Sea, like Unicorns dancing in the clouds, like the best Philly Cheese-steak; well, you get the picture.
I’m smiling ear to ear as I write this—this is chalkboard art! One of a kind, non permanent, chalkboard art.
- really started harassing the dog. Fiona brings Ellie such joy, she shrieks with delight whenever they are in the same room. Fiona has also learned jump up and run away when Ellie approaches.
It took me an hour to figure out
Aseana Food Villages sits away from the main hub of Randwick, occupying the ground floor of a corner building. The menu is a mix of south east Asian cuisine, with a particular emphasis on Malaysian and Burmese cuisine.
Several weeks later, Skip's unit was in the thick of battle in the Shiite heartlands of Najaf and Karbala. He wrote home about "apocalyptic" battles in which he saw "hundreds of blown apart bodies."
We see this in Hebrews 10:19-22, where we are encouraged to come near to God in “the house of God” through the torn “veil” of the broken “flesh”, and through the shed blood, which is “sprinkled” (cp. 9:21) on our hearts, of Christ the “High Priest”. It is impossible to exclude the Eucharist from our interpretation of this passage, especially since this entrance into “the Holiest” is said to be a “new and living way”, while the Eucharist, which also happens in the house of God, the Church, is called the “new covenant”.
that daily, constantly, talk of Jesus was always on his lips,
Annndddd we're back! Anyone still out there?
But my current obsession has to be this tan and ORANGE striped suit by Joseph. How divine is the unexpected jolt of orange running up & down the leg! Blazer $895, pants $395. The one and only U.S boutique is in NYC and the phone number is 212-570-0077, trust me, they are more than happy to ship it to you. :)
Liquid will pool at the bottom of the bowl as it sits while you are making the pancakes. It is best to stir the mix before placing the pancakes in the pan but don't worry about trying to incorporate all the liquid. When cooking the pancakes use a slotted spoon or spoon it out in a way to leave the liquid in the bottom of the bowl. It will continue to collect
DUANE EDDY – DESERT SONG
Many forms of art were born as forms of contestation. Many of them made it to the highest levels of society driving this artists to wealth and love
You can click on the photos for a larger view of them. I went super clean & simple for this set, which makes it SO much easier to mass produce cards. I used Choice Snow White cardstock as the base of the card and then layered the Reach for the Stars Border Die in So Saffron. The onesie is stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black ink on Miss Caroline Fiddlesticks paper and cut out with the Onesie Die and popped up with foam tape.
The technician shuttled the recording backward and zoomed slight outward. He forwarded to the blurred movement on the screen. He slowed it down. On the lowest tier of the station something stirred, then disappeared into the deeper depths of the ice mountain, retreating beyond the reach of sonar. Though visible only for a moment, there was no doubt. Amanda whispered, “Something’s alive in there…”
Special Events Coordinator
Centre for Behavioural Research in Cancer. Paper 13: Adolescents’ reactions to cigarette packs modified to increase extent and impact of health warnings.
Next we see Detective Trupo (Josh Brolin) signing drugs out of the evidence room in New York. Meanwhile an Italian gangster Rossi (Jon Polito) talks with Frank at a restaurant, explaining that Trupo and his men are seizing their drugs, cutting them down, and selling them back. They both agree that things are different with Bumpy not around to make sure no one bothers them. Rossi supplies Frank with drugs and we see some of the chaotic events going on due to Bumpy's absence. Rossi exclaims that order is needed.
than oneself."
Once upon a time two beer connoisseurs named Thomas and Philip took a morning drive out to Southampton Brewery in...well...Southampton. The brewery was throwing their annual Russian Imperial Stout release party, to which everyone was invited. There were high spirits among both connoisseurs as they drove at a constant, but quick pace towards the wonderful party they were about to attend.
The Design Team is showcasing Cuttlebug products this week. Its not mandatory to join in but if you have them, why not pull them out & use them?!?!
Last year for Easter I made these birds nest cupcakes. And this year, when I saw this blog post at Just a Taste on how to make a jello egg inside of a real egg shell, I was enamored with the idea, and I wanted to make layered jello eggs for Easter! I was already brainstorming in my head how I would do it, what I'd do with the leftover insides of the egg, what colors/flavors of jello I would use ... and then while I was at the grocery store later that week, I found this crazy gadget - it's specifically meant for making jello eggs! Best of all, it was free with the purchase of 3 boxes of jello! Score!
Around the champagne bucket we are pretending is a loving cup or trophy, I've placed horseracing mementos. The photo-finish is a picture of a race horse we had before the children, Her name was My Moon Molly and she's the one in the front!!
Constipation is an irregularity condition of the human digestive system. This is characterized by slow vowel movement, due to the vowels’ lack of capacity to hold water. And recently, studies were made to prove this fact. One of them is noted below.
Overall, as an “intro” to sci-fi this novel was a good pick. There’s nothing overly complex about the ship’s system, the characters were fairly fleshed out, and the plot was fast moving. Is it a book for everyone? No. But it was right for me, and I really think if it even sounds remotely good to you, you should give it a chance. I certainly look forward to the second novel to see how both the novel and the author grow.
Now we are working on sustainable rehabilitation and skill development of trafficked girls. Rescue and other crisis intervention centers are smoothly functioning in Haryana and Punjab where we are working on trafficking and honor based crimes.
- You must have a blog and Facebook account and update it regularly each week including posts about projects you’ve used from the kit, design tips etc. We ask that you also have links to our site on your blog and other sites where allowable.
Please watch this short film, if you haven’t already. It’s sure to melt you heart and have you believing anything is possible with a good dose of imagination and ingenuity.
How special to be singled out for this prestigious award more than once. I do enjoy blog hopping – I find it becomes addictive. I know how much I enjoy receiving comments and therefore I do try to reciprocate whenever possible.
CreativeLIVE puts on some great workshops (all of them free if you watch them live), I know they're great because I have watched many of them live and bought 3 more.
Oh, holy mother of chocolate. I basically blanched as I read a certain blog of a thirteen-year old and nearly choked from my coke when I realized almost (if not all) of her posts are about her undying love to the love of her life. I was about to close the horrifying tab when I stopped, scrolled up and read the words again.
Until 1923, Cayce’s readings were mostly restricted to the medical field. He didn’t know that a completely strange field was opening up in front of him that would deeply affect his faith.
Word, you are like a healthy tree planted by rivers of water. God has
Keep dust jacket or toss it?
B? B is fine. B is good. What about the others?
I'm hoping to have a few more pages done in a day or so. The next two are going to be technique centered so hopefully they'll move a bit faster.
5. Eco-Money Savers Hiding in Your Own Home by Yahoo Finance
I am just not musically talented sadly. I used to play the Violin which of course is a folk instrument, but gave it up at a young age. Boy do I regret that decision now.
Dr. Gawande discusses his perceived ranking for a bit, acknowledging he desires change and improvement and that possibly this is age in career.
What I would really love is a summer long day camp, but the ones that go all summer won't take a 4 year old, or they're expensive one week camps. Bleh. I guess I'm feeling like this because we're home a lot, and last summer we didn't do much of anything, plus I feel this guilt if I'm not "socializing" him enough (which is rooted in our upcoming adventure into homeschooling). But I guess I should chill out, because the truth is he does get around kids enough, especially since he's only four. There's the (few) kids on our street who will be out more since it's summer. There's the moms we've hung out with once a week for the last 4 1/2 years that we'll probably see more of this summer. There are two homeschooling groups we're members of, plus another three playgroups that offer things. And there's other friends to hang out with, plus a large number of parks we can spend the day at and the chain of YMCAs in town since we just joined up.
With that in mind, I ought to bring some theatre up in these here STEM parts and put on a double dippin’ show. I think I’m going to mess around on one of these computers like I’m designing a robot or something. Ha!
We mixed and matched, left to my own devices I'd have stuck to the Vietnamese stuff but AS had a craving for crispy duck. A quarter duck and a Vietnamese pancake was clearly far too much food for a starter as both were enormous, a theme that would continue with the mains. Be warned.
“Did they skip that English class or something?”
No application of Sunblock – Not doing a little routine like lathering on sun block on your face and neck will give you a lot of problems. One of which is skin cancer. The harmful rays of the sun will destroy your skin, especially if you are exposed to it for a very long time. Always apply sunscreen before leaving the house or exposing yourself to sunlight.
3 juin 1910
And heads unbowing
By guest writer, Annie Lawrence.
Lisa read THE MAZE RUNNER. Loved it. Gave it to Chris. He liked my writing, but didn't think that book was right for them. Meanwhile, I had finally finished another book called THE WORLD SIFTER. Lisa liked it, but not as much as MAZE. She didn't even give it to Chris.
“By this the love of Elohim was manifested in us, that Elohim has sent His only brought-forth Son into the world, in order that we might live through Him. In this is love, not that we loved Elohim, but that He loved us and sent His Son to be an atoning offering for our sins. ” (1 John 4:9-10 The Scriptures 1998+)
Here are some reasons why I feel contention with the above commercial:
People often don't think about where they can position themselves for where they can get a photo where something in front is in focus and everything else is blurry. You can still see the background, but it's creating a sort of lost feeling sometimes. When things are blurred in your depth of field and they create a pattern that is interesting, it's called bokeh. Generally this happens with the bokeh in the background but it can be used in the foreground instead. Use depth of field and get into the mode of the subject you're photographing.
sheeps wool hair/beard,
Note that this is just the air force. There are three other branches with massive programs, and there is a separate, overall public-information program under an assistant secretary of defense for public affairs in the Pentagon. In I97I, an Armed Forces Journal survey revealed that the Pentagon was publishing a total of 37I magazines at an annual cost of some $57 million, an operation sixteen times larger than the nation’s biggest publisher. In an update in I982, the Air Force Journal International indicated that the Pentagon was publishing I,203 periodicals. To put this into perspective, we may note the scope of public-information operations of the American Friends Service Committee (AFSC) and the National Council of the Churches of Christ (NCC), two of the largest of the nonprofit organizations that offer a consistently challenging voice to the views of the Pentagon. The AFSC’s main office information-services budget in I984-85 was under $500,000, with eleven staff people. Its institution-wide press releases run at about two hundred per year, its press conferences thirty a year, and it produces about one film and two or three slide shows a year. It does not offer film clips, photos, or taped radio programs to the media. The NCC Office of Information has an annual budget of some $350,000, issues about a hundred news releases per year, and holds four press conferences annually. The ratio of air force news releases and press conferences to those of the AFSC and NCC taken together are I50 to I (or 2,200 to 1, if we count hometown news releases of the air force), and 94 to I respectively. Aggregating the other services would increase the differential by a large factor.
Albert Camus said that "We all carry within us our places of exile, our crimes, and our ravages" and he was right on but when he said that "our task is not to unleash them on the world" he obviously wasn't talking about the Crimefactory.
I had the privilege of attending a very holy woman's funeral this week. Sister Mary John was 96 years old when she passed away. At the age of 16 she left her family in Ireland to follow her Lord and become a Sister of Mercy. She spent her entire life proforming acts of mercy until she herself needed caring for. Even at the age of 96 she was still learning everything she could, and was always thinking of others. As her eulogy was read there were no great acts or momentous occasions mentioned-just every day ordinary acts of unordinary love.
A couple of months ago Vicks hosted an blogger event to feature some products to help moms get through the cold and flu season, such as their Behind the Ear thermometer, cool and warm mist humidifiers and inhalers. We're coming out of the cold and flu season now, but their tips on getting the most out of your humidifier is more relevant than ever during allergy season, so I wanted to share them with you:
Over the years I finally got the courage to ask my mom what that had been all about, and she said it was because he was my step-grandpa and felt way too young to have a grandchild at the time.
I remember the first time I discovered bronzer. It was like a whole new world opened up for me. It was a world where I looked less like Wednesday Adams and more like... I don't know, someone who sees the sun? I like this one from Physicians Formula because I don't like any shimmer in my bronzer. I like to keep it natural looking!
nancy Kress
By Chris Mitchell CBN News Middle East Bureau Chief.
I squint and look away.
Hopefully, I will be able to breathe again soon....
I laughed and said no way. I didn't want him to get hurt under my watch. His mom would kill me, for one, and not my ex. I didn't need the drama. So my ex said he would drive while his brother skated behind us. I was practically chewing my fingernails off in nervousness because I didn't want to spend the night in the hospital because his brother had bashed open his head while pulling some stupid stunt.
5) Go to bed with a clean kitchen. CHECK! I have not missed one day! Even last night My husband tempted me to leave it. I did not and he helped me clean it!!!
Another “mysterious” tea is one of their “exotic” selections… also being discontinued I think! (sad!!!) I make it for my husband every night before bed to help his insomnia. It’s called After Dark which has Egyptian Chamomile, rosehips, peppermint, and a host of other delicate herbs. Another tea I’ll have to stock up on while I can! There’s also an intense, smoky, high quality Puerh Yunnan, which is “a variety of post-fermented tea produced in Yunnan province of China.” And a recent addition is the Indian tisane Tulsi (Holy Basil), an herbal remedy used in Ayurvedic medicine for sore throats, coughs and a host of other complaints. I served some for my husband and myself recently without telling him the name of the tea and he exclaimed wistfully that it must be tulsi, a tea he drank when he lived in India as a Hindu monk when he was very young years ago.
We had a reservation for a late lunch and the place was still packed when we arrived and continued to be until just before we left (which made it difficult to wander around and take photos). As we were getting ready to leave, the staff was making preparations for the dinner crowd.
The church is the people, not the institution. It’s appropriate in many contexts to refer to the institution or organization as a or the church, but the church by theological definition is the people of God in Jesus Christ, global or local.
My hubby, Frank, and I will be celebrating our 16 year wedding anniversary in early May and because of Clearly Sentimental About Anniversaries I am ahead of the card making game for once! He loves the cards I make for him and complains I don't do it often enough! HA! Well, take that, Mr. Frank! LOL
Waldo Farmer’s Market
***Remember if you do 5 cards this month following the challenge, your name will go into a draw for a prize at the end of November! (This challenge CAN be combined with any other blog or forum challenges that you do this month.)
How Ho’oponopono actually work?
It's been a while since my last blog, mostly due to the fact that I saved all of my homework over spring break for AFTER spring break, leaving me a nice week of relaxation, followed by a week of hectic homework and studying. Now that I have some free time I can finally write my blog about how incredible my PFT's were 2 weeks ago.
Annika, refreshingly, fares mostly better. Certainly, she’s as slinky and sexy as any Bond girl (Lustbader weirdly starts describing her “mineral eyes” at some point), but she’s also competent. Interestingly, Lustbader’s stilted dialogue actually works for the Russian and Ukrainian characters, since English isn’t their first language. (However, no two grown Russian men are going to use the word “frenemies” unironically. Ever.) As far as the supporting cast goes, I particularly liked Annika’s Dyadya Gourdjiev–her uncle–a genteel and jovial gentleman who is not all that he seems. The supporting cast is actually very well-done, since Lustbader can’t randomly toss out their backstories at the reader. He does, however, manage to give two disposable assassin backstories. You have to admire that sort of tenacity.
O LORD GOD! You are God of possibility! Father my income will increase this year by 700% to enable me take care of my needs, the needs of Your Children and the needs of Your Church and still have much more in store, to Your Glory in Christ Jesus, Amen!
I want to be Rockin’ Around The Christmas Tree
The boys have season lockers. Most people choose to use keyed locks as opposed to combination locks. The key is attached to a band that is worn on one’s ankle. The boys are always bothered by the sight of a man missing a leg who wears the band and key on his stump. In the unroofed locker area many older men sit on chairs either naked, or with towels draping themselves, and play pinochle as they get some sun.
For those of you who are doing this with me, THANK YOU!! I am giving you an assignment. Please come back next week Wednesday with proof that you are participating, whether you give an excerpt out of your food journal, a picture of your feet as you walk, a great recipe or something fun.
If the pattern is fine, you can safely be sent home. If there is any doubt, your obstetrician will be called and further tests may be necessary.
Hanson called in … the race card.
SO if you wanted to play along, just click HERE to be directed to the Case File and see what else my fellow DT members from C'est Magnifique and what the other Design Team members and Guest Designers created. You have until next Sunday, May 13th to enter!
One thing I've realized from talking to other knitters at Stix-n-Stitches, my local yarn hangout, is that people really don't want to work complex designs. What they want is simple shit that looks good. So I've been working on a series of designs I call "Stoopid TV Knitting". The sock below, knit with Carol's wonderful Black Bunny Fibers SoftSilk 50% merino/50% silk sock yarn, is a 6-round, 4-stitch repeat.
This is 43% the average bull ratio and therefore still a very low level of optimism overall. The four week moving average of the bull ratio was basically unchanged and the lowest since late July 2010. For the chart, see last week’s sentiment overview.
In case you’re now distracted, I was writing to you medicated readers. My deal is a Woodstock-like experience around my Pazuzu Trilogy. Actually, more of a Jack Kerouac in Big Sur kinda deal. I’d love to have a Magic Bus and blast Dubstep through the forest. First, I need you to read my story, talk about it and make me infamous. Spread rumors if you have to.
I don’t really have much to say about this page, so here are some thoughts on a Jurassic Park video game instead.
Fannie, Freddie, and FHA are frequently coming up with something else to help prevent another disaster within mortgage lending by enforcing more Mortgage Quality Control/Due Diligence upfront during the loan application process. This is actually all for the good of the consumer. There are always places to make errors within a mortgage application process but with as much scrutiny as there is now; hopefully the errors will be only minimal and not affect the country as a whole.
to the restoration He provides.
I Do Not Love You (Pablo Neruda)
*1 cup ketchup
Can I just say that I love using paper towels. They are convenient and are sanitary and yet I have felt guilty for a long time for using them. Using a regular dish towel didn't feel the same to me but these microfiber ones are fantastic. They are super absorbent and dry very quickly so I do not feel I am having to replace them often. I like that they are specifically used for hand drying (what I used paper towels for primarily) and will not get mixed up with my dish towels or cleaning cloths. Yes, my laundry load just got a little bigger but I think it is worth extra work.
Sam in Cheers
soooo
1) Publicly follow this blog ( 1 entry )
I wish people would just leave her alone, like the guy/girl said. I wish people wouldn't be so arrogant that they thought that they could judge someone elses behavior based on their own reality. Mostly, I wish that society would 'get a clue'. For Britney's story symbolizes a lot of the sins of mankind, that we judge, we are self-righteous, that we can turn on someone at the first sign of weakness and that charity is only extended to those who are similar to us.
In its prime, the toast of New York filled its pews, including Cornelius Vanderbilt, John Jacob Astor and Jay Gould. A shadow of its altruistic days can still be seen hovering over St Luke's Hospital (now St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center), which the congregation helped found. To tie this into our podcast at the beginning of the week, it was in this hospital that John Lennon died of his wounds sustained at the Dakota Apartments.
Before the soft, warm words
That's okay. So your phone was stolen?
Decades before the word jazz was first used to describe a music genre a star was born to outshine all his contemporaries. Buddy Bolden was a cornet player who many credit for being the first improviser and the first jazzman to ever walk the surface of the Earth.
PLYMOUTH - Please Let Your Mother Out from Under The Hood
Men who have grown soft with unearned privilege will probably not like Lewis in THERE WILL BE BLOOD and are probably the reason Brolin’s not even nominated. The return of the true king is never welcomed by the pretender to the throne. The haters thought this sort of mustachioed hombre long vanished. Now he’s back, covered in the dirt used to bury
-I am sad I will never get to talk with you again
Now most of us in the industry might be thinking, “Well, of course you have to die to use it.” But in her mind—and I propose that in the minds of many young people like her—she was thinking, “Why would I want to use my hard-earned money to pay for something I will never get to use or even get to see how it works. How stupid to buy a product that ONLY pays out if I DIE.”
According to Rockin' Country Style, Rudy Thacker was born in 1931 in Hindman, Kentucky and was a staff musician on the World's Original Jamboree (WWVA, Wheeling, West Virginia). He was a highly acclaimed guitarist and soon moved from the Jamboree to form his own band, the Stringbusters which included Sam Duckett.
"The first thing you do is to look at who is coming into your airport," said Sela.
We did get a little bit of snow yesterday, but it’s already melting today. There is a 40% chance of flurries this afternoon, but I doubt they’ll happen. The sky just isn’t gray enough.
Lineamenta, nn. 6, 13:
Right away, life began to change. Not necessarily for the good either. I have posted about my old GM. It was at the beginnign of 2010 that he started doing things, threatening to fire us, firing managers and replacing them with minimum wager people, cutting hours, and so on.
In addition, the science presented in this duos’ patent serves as the basis for the technology we use today in cell phones, pagers, wireless Internet, defense satellites, and a plethora of other spread-spectrum devices.
I had another night with little sleep, due to pain and spasms.
The office I work in delivers both therapy and medical care for the Trans population. The woman I work with is an amazing therapist and doctor, everyone that meets her feels better afterwards. I take care of everything other than the therapy and medical care. I take all the first calls and questions, the intakes and emails. I speak with surgeons, doctors and therapists often. I bolster parents and talk down teens. Doesn’t that sound altruistic and kind?
I sing
whose steps foretell fate and fortune,
I was in a state of shock. I'd wanted to be an author since I was about twelve, and I was just forty when my first novel came out, so there was quite a build up. In the end the experience was quite surreal: I had to adjust from being someone who always wanted it to someone who had it: only a psychiatrist could begin to untangle the psychic revolution that entails. Euphoric, of course, then the let down: it was great but not the meaning of life.
James Kugel
I have also been working on a craft. Its progress is quite slow because, once again, I chose the cheapest and therefore most time consuming method of approaching it. I will give you a little preview today though, because I love previews!
The long awaited blog is here! I apologize for the wait, but I'm sure you won't be disappointed when you read all the bloggers have to share with you! Thanks to everyone who chimed in, I knew our community would come through ;)
“From now on I don’t want you see you in this type of get up again. You are a girl and you will dress like a girl.” He eyed her again. “I think you take delight in torturing me.”
“Up to now, Malaysians are still paying for these financial scandals, as in the third and latest RM840 million bailout of former Malaysia Airlines (MAS) chairman Tajudin Ramli with his out-of-court settlement with Danaharta and GLCs (government-linked companies),” the veteran opposition lawmaker said in a statement.
Barack Obama is a Blank Slate. How do WE know what he is really thinking?
Every crafter has various techniques or adhesives they choose to use but I like using this small Xyron because I know I can get an even application of adhesive every time.
1 heaping tablespoon raw cacao powder
Percent Contained: 70%
They die
In Virginia, the only hills I had were those on the Noland Trail. One trip around the loop had a gain of over 2,000 ft. over the 5+ miles. I ran that trail 3 times in a row right before I left, (a total of a mile each of ascent and decent), so I thought I was ready for hills, but it consisted of dozens of small hills instead of long continuous ones, and it was a dirt trail which is way less stressful on your body than asphalt or concrete. In addition, I was exhausted with jetlag and stressed from the move, I added hills to every run while maintaining my mileage and pace, I was running on sidewalks instead of the road most of the time, and running both up and DOWN hills. And, of course, I’m an over 40 woman. By adding hills to every workout and not backing off on mileage or intensity, I totally exceeded the 10% rule!
The kitchen’s creativity really came to the fore with desserts. The first, a palate cleansing Lemon Cream with Daikon Radish and Unsweetened Sugar (kaolin) sounds strange on paper but worked exceedingly well – the mild vegetable coming together harmoniously with the gently acidic frozen cream.
Jeremy remained crouched in the garbage can seemingly forever, figuring that their cries of “come out Jeremy, come out wherever you are, we’re going home, the game's done” were just a lame ploy to lure him out prematurely. He was eventually found, hungry, shivering and holding a Pogo Ball for warmth. He sat there, in a pile of his own poopies, victorious. He was the clear winner.
Amy is fine living in the shadows of beautiful Lila and uber-cool Cassie, because at least she's somewhat beautiful and uber-cool by association. But when their dates stand them up for prom, and the girls take matters into their own hands, earning them a night in jail outfitted in satin, stilettos, and Spanx. Amy discovers even a prom spent in handcuffs might be better than the humiliating rehabilitation techniques now filling up her summer. Worse, with Lila and Cassie parentally banned, Amy feels like she has nothing -- like she is nothing.
“Kids I sold to back in the 1970s have grown up with the Exchange, and now come in with their children. I’ll miss them all.
We're not a race of Religious people,
Wait, that’s not what I said.
Classy, very classy. Aren’t liberals supposed to be sweet, tolerant, and open-minded?
“Well you doing little deals like that behind my back isn’t exactly going to ease my conscience, Julian.” I retorted. “I mean. . .it’s not like you exactly asked him for fifty bucks. . .We’re talking fifty-nine hundred dollars here-”
I am a writer.
It might be an exaggeration to state that I’ve heard “Bad, Bad Leroy Brown” a million times in my life. But it wouldn’t be a huge exaggeration. Here’s to hearing it a million more times.
Shame on you Mr. Burton !!!
I really, really miss my subscription to Entertainment Weekly.
18And they took the Apostles and put them in the common prison.
But hey, to make up for my groundfloor savings i'll be receiving 180 from an ebay seller because I selling a few things.. i'm thinking about selling my polaroid camera (don't know why people are still buying them, when they don't even produce film anymore)
Patches did not survive the French Revolution. It seems that they have completely disappeared since then. Unless we count those young ladies who put pencil dots on their faces, in a pale imitation of the taffeta beauty patch of yore.
- Favorite Cabaret experience as a performer/prostaffer?
In a restaurant window.
If you buy some of it, I would love to see how you use it. That would mean so much to me! Just link it here on this post. Thanks again everyone for your support. Click on the picture to go to scrapbook.com
In the optometrist office, the lady told me I should bring him in after school to get them readjusted because they were pretty warped... no surprise there. I made a mental note, and when they all got home I just decided to wait til a different day since the sun was out for the first time all week, and the kids wanted to plaaaay.
Best of all, it's a super-easy recipe. The only ingredient I had to go out of my way for was sour cream, which is easy enough to arrange. This would be great for a dinner party, a tea, or just to have around the house as a snack.
But I can't spread myself thin talking in generalizations anymore, and trying to please anyone and everyone who stops by. It's time to narrow my focus onto what makes me, me.
Okay not many men are charming and here’s why – THEY DON’T GET WOMEN’S NON VERBAL CUES, BODY LANGUAGE AND FACIAL EXPRESSIONS. As a result they either force too much or pull back too much b/c they don’t know how to read. This can be frustrating for women b/c if a woman in fact wants a guy to move it forward, but he does not really understand her body language is telling him to do so, he’ll clam up and back off. Or if a woman has no interest and is showing this through body language and the guy keeps forcing iignoring the obvious that is also frustrating and can make for an ugly situation depending on the woman and her mood.
I'll tell you one thing...my rut started with my running out of foundation. And then I never refilled it because I wanted to try some others. I found one, but I'm not too pleased with it and I just have been too lazy to get around to it. It hasn't been high on my priority list. It's a shame when the DH starts mentioning how I don't wear makeup anymore. I did wear a nice natural look when we went out bowling the other weekend but nothing day to day as I used to.
“Very few witches have that specific tattoo even though, in theory, they all should serve him,” Fortunatus said, appearing suddenly behind him.
On behalf of the St Kilda Ale Stars, I wish you all the best as you begin your journey of beer discovery!
Despite its proximity to my apartment, I’ve managed to give Dessert Club, Chikalicious a wide berth. I have a habit of bringing home adorable cupcakes the way crazy old ladies scoop up stray animals.
Enjoy your week, everyone!
It was a stepping stone in my life...one of many...that made it easy to help inspire people to be more creative and I am grateful to everyone who was involved in it to make it happen. That book has a lot of good energy about it and that is the reason it is still being discussed and leafed through.
and now bonzo's basically on the no-nap plan, so what was my free time to dilly dally on the computer is now more time to dilly dally with bonzo. it's funny because i sort of dreaded it – the no napping – but now i think it's actually pretty great. sure, the days are long – exhaustingly so at times – but bedtime is easy breezy george and weezy as bonzo says.
hitler rant honey badger
I agree on two of three points - opening ourselves to spiritual experiences is important, if difficult in the lives of the paycheck to paycheck lower middle class parents of a special needs child (I've done precious little of it in the past few years, and struggled with depression knowing that any justification, rationalization, or excuse is not insurmountable). But I have to draw the line between me and so many religious people in my belief that "knowing" is dangerous ground for anyone to stand on, whether a believer or an atheist.
Notorious B.I.G.
A couple of years ago when we were still learning about each other, L had flattered me over the phone by saying that she woke up having erotic thoughts about me. The next morning I emailed her. L has reasons to be paranoid about having her email hacked, and she likes us to be discrete:
Yes, indeed, I had not paid it.
I come from a long line of stubborn. As does my wife.
I had a couple of projects in mind that would require simple tassels - and after looking into buying them, I realized it was time to find a way to make my own.
I've only got a few minutes, so I'll just give a short little update on everyone. :)
on this board.
1 imparts
so tonight, a different kind of New Year Eve celebration - celebrating with other friends.. a quiet dinner at their home.. but home before midnight.. I am ok with that
And I'm not going to tell you any more, so I suggest you pick up your own copy and see for yourself.
Yes, the bible tells us that we SHOULD submit fully to our husbands. And if mine had told me "I understand your concerns, but I really want to do this now rather than later" then we would have and that would have been the end of it. But the fact is, sometimes our husbands are waiting on US to speak up first because they're afraid of the same thing we are.
Jessica drew herself up to her full height of five feet, six inches and stood with her legs braced apart, her hands fisted on her hips. She was prepared to do battle.
“I phoned an hour and a half ago… because it’s taken an hour to get here… and I was told I CAN collect my parcel without the docket because I need the parcel for work tomorrow”
We are grateful that he was home for as long as he was.
“in the Messiah he chose us in love before the creation of the universe to be holy and without defect in his presence.” (Ephesians 1:4 CJB)
match
Outlook has been published in New Delhi continuously since October 1995 by the Outlook Group, whose founding editor-in-chief is Vinod Mehta. In October 2008, Mehta appointed Krishna Prasad as Outlook's editor. Earlier, Prasad edited the magazine's special issues. Prasad also publishes the popular blog Churumuri.
A long time ago, when I saw Queenship as an aspect of service toward the Goddess of the Wicca, I was handed a list of twenty-one points of behavior, or Protocols, which I was expected to uphold in addition to the Rede and the Charge. When the Goddess finally released me, late in 2010, telling me to follow my heart rather than feel obligated to serve her, I continued to strive to uphold her list. Now that my Lord has taken me into his care, however, I’ve been required to take new vows, and after doing so, the Prince quickly revised my list.
a new post about my Iphone.
- Hearing stories the next day about the night before
Cuban government because Mr. Gross deserves to come home.”
All of that is what it is. I've relaxed there though and I'm used to things being chaos. It's not a reflection of who I am as a woman and where I drop the ball. It's just a reflection of what life looks like and it's neither good or bad. It just is.
Weather: HOT
That is a short précis of my latest novel which I have been instructed to send to the head of BBC’s TV English drama department for the attention of a Ms. Madushami Samarasinghe.
Because we belong to you
It’s been many years
So Topps kindly represented 68.42% of the '74 Cubs in the '75 set.
60. Lord Wasserman - Conservative - Shares in Diageo plc an alcohol drinks company who have been awarded money to teach midwives in England and Wales on the dangers of alcohol. No, you can't make it up. Lansley used to hold a directorship at Profero who had Diageo as one of their clients. Shares in Johnson & Johnson Inc, which supplies the NHS. Shares in Procter & Gamble Co, which supplies the NHS. Walgreen Company - American pharmaceutical company. For more on Walgreens. The bill will give pharmaceuticals even more diverse healthcare providers to build relationships with. Voted loyally on the Health and Social Care bill.
Maurice Kirk to be freed on immediate bail pending the dropping of these continued malicious allegations
I love spending time with family and friends.
Or take Kelly Kelly for example, who after wrestling in the WWE for going on six years now (starting from her ECW stint in Extreme Exposé) still can tell the difference between a wristlock and a shoelace.
‘Where is she?’
When fall arrived, I acted out for the first time. I had become someone else. This other person took over and began to act out the pain I was feeling inside. The entire fall was a whirlwind of acting out, attempted suicides, hospitalizations, and interaction with law enforcement. By the end of December, I was hospitalized under the Involuntary Commitment Act.
275 in bottles over the course of the weekend, running
On a personal note, I participated in the 30th Annual Hood to Coast Relay Race. For those of you not familiar with this race, there are approximately 1,200 teams that run approximately 200 miles from Timberline Lodge on Mt. Hood (the exterior of Timberline Lodge was actually used for the film "The Shining") through Portland, OR and onto Seaside on the Oregon Coast. Each team has 12 members, with six team members in each of two vans. I was recruited onto this team by a woman from work, who was in the other van, so I knew no one I was doing the race with. I'll tell you what, as a first experience, I couldn't have asked for a better group of people to do this race with. Everyone was so supportive, and made the running and the overall experience incredibly enjoyable. It's amazing how quickly you can bond with a group of people by spending nearly 36 hours in a van with them; especially since we're all sleep-deprived and exhausted from running anywhere between 15 - 20 miles. We saw each other at our highs (right before the runs) and lows (right after the runs) and I think it really contributed to the sense of team camaraderie. Our team did not come in first and I think our pre-race time actually disqualified us before we even began, but none of that really mattered, because the experience was more of a team/personal accomplishment than actually completing against the other teams (it's my philosophy of running, personified in a relay race). The finish was also quite wonderful, because not only did we get to meet up and hang out with the other van and the rest of our team members, but I also got to see some old New York co-workers who were also participating in the race on another team. I didn't stick around for the beach party, because the four hours of sleep in three days had definitely taken a toll on me. Overall, it was a great experience, and if you haven't done so before, you should consider forming or joining a team and applying for a spot (that's another thing, the race is VERY difficult to get into - nearly 10,000 team apply, and only 1,200 get spots).
Until this situation has corrected its self I have removed the blog roll widget from my blog. It's not like I get a ton of comments anyway but to have my page display as if I have cooties is just down right wrong. I've never had cooties, fleas maybe but never cooties.
1 tsp vanilla (for sweet version)
That's farm life this week at Long Creek Herb Farm. If you're in Wichita, Kansas this weekend, come to the herb festival and farmers market at The Sedgwick County Extension office, 7001 W. 21 st St. North, Wichita KS. I'll be giving 4 programs including Art in the Garden, How to Eat a Rose and Growing & Using the Ten Most Popular Herbs.
Yes, absolutely. They should. They should know exactly what it is they're doing, and should be offered all the information they need/want/whatever.
We talk about Christ’s power to overcome all things, we attest to the miraculous strength of Jesus to raise the dead, heal the sick and turn water into wine without much hesitation, but it’s a much more complex issue for us to consider Him actually changing me…. We see and feel all the weight of our chronic and scarred unhealthy lives that make up our collective and broken modern-day manifestation of the church. We quote famous passages of scripture that focus on God’s ability and desire to “heal the broken-hearted, and set captives free”, but we struggle with the reality of what that might mean for today, for ”US”.
I'm not crazy about Gogol's music, but I can appreciate the unique genre and the immense amount of energy put forth. He's pretty careless, tossing his guitar behind him with no one to catch it, or spraying a practically full bottle of red wine on the first few rows of the crowd. The sound was a bit bass heavy for this show, but the tape still sounds alright. If you have really high end, broad frequency range headphones, you might hear a faint buzz in between songs. This is due to being under the neon sign of the venue.
Brother Leo, the companion of the Blessed Francis, said that there was once a friar of such holiness that he seemed to be on an equality with the Apostles themselves. Yet in the end he yielded to temptation and left the Order. But, living in the world afterwards, he still gave the appearance of being of such virtue that he seemed almost to attain to apostolic perfection. One day when Brother Leo and some other friars were walking along a road with the Blessd Francis, the question was raised by some of the brethren as to why that brother had left the Order. But the saint replied, ‘I want to read something and to ask myself some questions which I shall myself answer. Let no one speak to me until I have done.’ And then he said the word ‘Humility’, which he repeated three or four times. Then ‘Chastity’, ‘Abstinence’, ‘Poverty’. And in this way he ran through a number of virtues, mentioning each one several times. And with each one he asked himself, ‘Do you know that?’ and answered, ‘Yes, I know that.’ Finally he said, several times over, the word ‘Fear’. And when he asked himself, ‘Do you know that?’ he answered, ‘No.’ Then again he cried out, ‘Fear,’ repeating the word over and over again. But when he asked himself, ‘Do you know that?’ again he answered, ‘No.’ So yet again he cried, ‘Fear,’ and at last whispered to himself, ‘Yes, I know Fear.’ Then he added these words, ‘It is useless for a man to seek all virtues and leave out Fear; yet few have it, and therefore it is hard to teach them.’ And finally, ‘It was because he had no Fear that that good brother fell and left the Order.’
3) The demand for self- discipline. “A good teacher has to study. Hard.”
As complainant’s counsel in Civil Case No. B-259, it was incumbent upon respondent to invite his client’s attention as to the compromise agreement, especially so when there is a pending court order for the submission of the same. There is nothing in the record which shows that respondent did anything in this respect, even when, as per his admission, he and complainant were in communication at that time, albeit, with regards to another case.
If it comes to it, I will transcribe my latest re-do. It has a good story that I don't want you to miss out on. A story about contests, dancing, and pulling the "L" card when it's appropriate.
* On-line judges will have 10 days to judge and turn in their scores to the Little Diva Tutus team. At that time the Little Diva Tutus team will judge the photographs.
The Final Exam is also not on the 4th – again the UNIVERSITY (NOT ME) is responsible for the final exam schedule – so your best response would be to check with the university, department of economics,the registrar’s office or the website.
“The year is 2312. Scientific and technological advances have opened gateways to an extraordinary future. Earth is no longer humanity’s only home; new habitats have been created throughout the solar system on moons, planets, and in between. But in this year, 2312, a sequence of events will force humanity to confront its past, its present, and its future.”
· Popcorn
America waits till Germany is about to fall over from sustained punching from Britain and France, then walks over and smashes it with a barstool, then pretends it won the fight all by itself.
When the hare came out of the oven, the playing with our food began. We stripped off all the meat, including the lovely, moist, supple fillet mignon, and discarded the bones. We poured the innard and blood puree into the sauce, and cooked it for a few minutes, being careful not to boil it as the blood would have frothed all over the place and ruined it. An important reason for using the blood quickly became obvious. It is one of the most effective natural thickeners. When the sauce was just the right texture we strained it through a sieve, and it was finished. Dense, gamey, earthy, aromatic - it required all the willpower in the kitchen not to dunk chunks of crusty country bread in it and finish it off then and there with sips of the leftover syrah.
Good morning! Today, Alex has asked us to post a reflection on April's A-Z Challenge. What can I say? The challenge is perhaps the most intense and exciting thing I've participated in since I started blogging over 4 years ago. Sadly, I wasn't able to post every day (and I'm STILL trying to catch up on all the emails, comments, and NEW FOLLOWERS I have received! Don't give up on me yet, guys!
I looked at the clock and saw it was eight in the morning. I had barely two hours of rest. My head was hurting from the lack of sleep and alcohol intake from last night. I took a deep sigh and started cleaning up the mess.
This 22nd annual World Report summarizes human rights conditions in more than 90 countries and territories worldwide in 2011. It reflects extensive investigative work that Human Rights Watch staff has undertaken during the year, often in close partnership with domestic human rights activists.
through
In 1936, the group signed to Decca and after just 3 records, broke up (the last recording was February 12, 1936).
‘Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.’
Like the pink I tried first, the coral creme is also a bright one. Application wise I liked the pink polish better, this one flooded my cuticles because it was very thin. First coat was very sheer and I was pretty afraid I was going to end up with visible nail lines but after applying three coats it was opaque.
I gaze into my mirror,
How to Submit Your Poem
Everything you seemed
Iron Man (Tony Stark):
MyTake: We told Jenkins to get his sorry butt up here to Valley Ranch like everyone else but as usual, he is doing his own thing. At the end of the season he is as good as gone.
A quaint little chocolaterie nestled in the bustling town of Kerikeri that makes sinfully delectable chocolates in all shapes and sizes. My best pick of the lot is their best seller Macadamia Butter Toffee Crunch. This is a medium sliced slab slathered with caramel butter toffee smothered with chopped Macadamia nuts. One bite leaves you craving for more. You have got to experience this to know what I am talking about. I found this treasure during one of my most memorable trips to Paihia.
Think about it this way in a South African context. When the Springboks run onto the field to play a game of rugby they don’t think: “Ah crap, I am running onto this field where I am not allowed to be offsides, forward pass or high tackle.”
10-15 mushrooms chopped
Narrated by Laura Hicks
In that scenario, the mean global temperature in 30 years would be about 3.6 degrees F (2 degrees C) hotter than in the preindustrial era of the 1850s. Many climate scientists and policymakers have targeted a 2-degree C temperature increase as the maximum threshold beyond which the planet is likely to experience serious environmental damage. For example, in the 2009 Copenhagen Climate Accord, the United States and more than 100 other countries agreed to consider action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions "so as to hold the increase in global temperature below 2 degrees Celsius."
For now, I'll give you MY recipe. For what I've created so far after three tries, which is a pretty good lip and body balm albeit a tiny bit bland. I'll be adding some essential oils (wow, Hi, Hippie) to the next batch in my quest to create my ideal body balm, so you can come back for that if you like.
Eyes: Kawaii Floral Eyes-Green- Spalsh! ( Kawaii Fair Item)
She was just a teen when she heard of the special meetings taking place in her legalistic and religious community. She had heard some strange and wonderful gossip about those meetings.
War
I didn’t do it the same way this year. I didn’t keep exact running track of them. Instead, I sort of just kept a list, unranked, throughout the year, and decided to evaluate them all at once by a new criteria.
Coz this is our moment
Furthermore, should you ever have a chance to visit the library, do so! Here are some photos I snapped when SOTS met at Cambridge in 2009 and we were treated to a private lecture at the Unit as well as a tour of many of the manuscripts which had been laid out for us:
A fragment of the hilarious: the "stolen" dirt was taken by my younger son. I suspected him, but my older son, who was home all day, said that N. hadn't been by. I guess he did a drive-by. Grabbed the dirt and ran! Ha. He's already planted carrots, and has plans for a white peach tree in a big barrel.
Thursday, Holmes began telling us about British Major-General Orde Charles Wingate and the substantial successes of his special forces in Africa and the British Mandate of Palestine. Today, we learn how Wingate put his revolutionary methods to use against the Japanese in WWII.
When I finally comfortably (remember, I wasn’t actually stuffed to the brim – I could have eaten more) and regally rose from my throne, this is what was in my tummy along with my unborn baby girl. Brace yourselves…
After further inspection the midwife said that my placenta was completely intact and that she didn't think that any membranes had stayed inside me. She didn't think I needed to go to the hospital. I'd been prepared and willing to go, but it was so nice not to have to! The midwife was still concerned though that I might hemorrhage and so she gave me some medicine to help prevent it and watched me really carefully. The second part of the miracle has been that I've hardly had any bleeding during my postpartum recovery, which is remarkable considering what my placenta went through! It has been such a testimony to me of the power of priesthood blessings. I know that without that blessing things may have turned out much differently.
-Eyegazer in Runweld Basement lower levels (Gazes at enemies that sometimes makes them lose a turn. Works on bosses!)
We’re each other’s baby.
I guess I should knuckle down and read the book properly. I'm not going to lie I'm not expecting to enjoy it. So that's partly why I want to discuss it. I guess I have old lady views and just because you say the word "cunt" you aren't cool or a feminist. I'm not automatically going to love the book - but that's not a bad thing - there are already plenty of fan girls for Caitlin Moran. I better get reading, right? (And stop sounding like Mary Whitehouse!)
Who spent a very humbling 3 weeks in a foreign land that was stealing her heart every moment of the day? This sister.
I hope Santa makes you smile as much as he makes me:)
The issues at the top of this page are small in comparison to the marketing ploys of charter schools. It is doubtful that anything of value will come from the CA State Board of Education ordering new rules in 2011 to clarify how charter schools are granted statewide operating privileges. The action comes in the wake of a July 2010 Court of Appeals ruling that found the CA State Board of Education improperly awarded statewide status to Aspire Public Schools, a charter school company founded in 2000. The reason: being aware versus wanting to believe.
Power;
We now offer St Louis, Mt Vernon, Evansville, Poplar Bluff, Cape Girardeau, Marion, Paducah, Hopkinsville, and Dyersburg Interactive City Radars. We also have the two regional radars and now offer you three GR Earth radars.
Be politically correct, but otherwise wrong-
Just two days left! Our story till this point is:
Read an interesting cover story in The New York Times Magazine last Sunday about James Patterson. He markets himself better than his publisher does! He told Little Brown he wanted to advertise on TV. They balked so he wrote and paid for the ad himself for Along Came A Spider. Of course, he had to add young adult author to his list and immediately Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Maximum-Ride/James-Patterson/e/9780316067959/?itm=1&USRI=maximum+ride+angel, published in 2005. There are at least 4 books in the series. Fun reading that should interest resistant readers - bird kids being chased by other DNA adapted youth and hiding from the scientist who wants to keep experimenting on them. The young teens and children have bird DNA and can fly away from most of the danger. His newest tween series, Witch and Wizard http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Witch-and-Wizard/James-Patterson/e/9780316072205/?itm=1 is Patterson's newest serries that will help the tweens who are having Harry Potter withdrawal
image of my SPUNKY sitting alone in the nest, in my
From now on, the phrase "conservative Democrat" will be my code for "political coward." No wonder these people keep losing elections.
In the first, on Tuesday night, I showed up--late, of course--for the wedding and realized I wasn't wearing the correct EARRINGS (because yes, in real life, the bride has mandated matching earrings as well as eye shadow--so maybe the dream isn't totally without relevance). I needed a pair of pearl studs, and the bride was SO disgusted with me that I hadn't managed to by them already.
It has been a very nice day. It was 30º above. The snow is melting very fast.
Ed Roland (Collective Soul)
I don’t think reading is fundamentally different today. My boys have both loved the Enid Blyton books… they love anything that has good characters and a good story… something that makes them laugh or makes them sad. Anything they can really get their teeth into. I think those qualities in a good book are timeless.
Call all emergency I’m watching the phone ring
"Your choices are he can check my baby here or I can bring her there. I don't send my 8 yo to the doctor alone. I'm not sending my newborn."
He said the bodyguards submitted these complaints. According to him the two policemen didn't speak to Petros and the case is considered sub judice.
So, speaking of real butter...a couple of weeks ago the son called and asked me to get milk and butter from the store. Well, I knew that I had butter because I had started buying real butter and had stopped using the cheap tub stuff after I was called back to work.
in the floor of my father’s chapel — first May
Forever I’ll be by your side;
or the lost wandering up a cement drive…
Sisters of Mercy Temple of love UK
Just a few little stamps that I coloured out of boredom. The bird is Chloe, who is my brother's African Grey, the Fox is dedicated to my best buddy, and the Flower Girl is dedicated to Fall.... because I really, really miss it when winter comes along. :(
we just managed to walk down into St. Ives
In a statement, Bloomberg said he was disappointed by USDA's denial.
It really isn’t fair to announce such things too late for us to do anything about it. I mean, no one (almost) goes to uni all dressed up and perfect looking every day right? I myself prefer to catch my sleep rather than make myself look pretty for no apparent reason.. So anyway, the venue was really beautiful. It’s called Madinat Jumeirah. It’s architecture as well as decor are all ancient like. Here’s a quick glance..
long before i have spoken to you
the fear of providing our general public with the enlightening new knowledge,
The question of the character of building roads in this country certainly requires much re-consideration. There are two circumstances which have complicated the situation. First, the width of roads has been used, under our form of building bye-laws, to determine the distance between the houses, and as a means of securing a greater degree of open space than would otherwise be obtained. The result is that the widths of roads under the bye-laws commonly in force in the English towns, are not regulated with regard to requirements of traffic, a minimum width for streets is arbitrarily fixed, 40 to 50 feet being usual, and all roads are required to be laid out at least this width ; usually there is no power for the local authority to require greater width, although 40 to 50 feet is as utterly inadequate for the main roads of a town as it is excessive for the purpose of giving access to a few cottages. As a consequence, roads have to be wide-eyed at vast expense to allow for trams and for traffic, while cottages are built fronting to dreary wastes of asphalte and macadam, one half of which could with great advantage be added to their gardens or laid out as grass margin.
According to the American Institute of Stress, there are over 50 symptoms of stress, and the effects can be fatal in the long-term. Some of the effects include: hair loss, heart disease, ulcers, headaches, depression, anxiety, muscle aches and pains, skin problems, and even sexual dysfunction. The list is simply too long to put in this post but I think you get the point.
Too early to tell.
“They’re not melting,” saidDee.
Break down
Students will live together in three residential colleges which will knit together academic, intellectual, social, athletic and artistic life.
Leaning on the sun warmed leather
“I promise I won’t touch you… but please… I really love you…”I can see the sincerity on his eyes but… I can’t.
We have not had an honest media in the west for decades, every news reporter lies constantly and with the accustomed ease of an aged harlot relieving a drunken businessman of his wallet. Every presenter or dramatist has become a propagandist and every commentator an advocate. Even those who are secretly sympathetic to our cause must deny us and lie about us for they would never work again if they did not.
That’s the point….feeling special. What can we do to let our loved ones, family and friends, know just how much we cherish and adore them?
Narration – A clear Australian accent is used, with Australian pronunciation.
SPACING PROBLEMS
Corbett: we have an investigation to find out
Don't open it for at least 3 weeks.
He is a very strong child. Imagine having to wake up everyday thinking about how the doctors opened up your head to see your brain. And he surpassed that, three times. He had chemotherapy. He lost weight, lost his hair, almost lost his vision. The most painful thing he lost was his school days, where he could have roamed the walls of our Alma Mater to continue to be the enthusiastic boy that he is. I’m sure he had a lot of dreams. His life is being in school and studying with his friends. My father was instantly moved to action, because the kid had to undergo radiation therapy like he did. This is a kid who have done nothing wrong to merit pain but had to be dragged up to the stairs because of weakness. I shivered at the thought that this wonderful, bright child is in bed finding answers to his life than wowing his teachers at school. This is one of those kids who would do EVERYTHING to be able to study again.
favorite book in hand,
Addressing Cyber Bullying:
So far, she has re-organised the basement, and plans to do the kitchen next.
I devised a plan to conquer my fear of hills. The road I chose was a long straight downhill which leveled out at the bottom where there was a swampy area on either side. There were no intersecting roads, traffic was practically nonexistent and the pavement was dry. In other words, perfect conditions for what I wanted to do.
The Jesuits seem to have a code that guides their every action. That code is: "Call your enemy what you are and always tell the exact opposite of the truth." This makes it very difficult to counter their lies and explain clearly and understandably what they are actually doing.
1. Olivier Collignona,b,1,2. Gilles Vandewallec,3. Patrice Vossa,4. Geneviève Albouyc,5. Geneviève Charbonneaua,6. Maryse Lassondea,b, and7. Franco Leporea.
Other supplies used: Spellinder stars die, stickes, walnut distress ink, heart crystal hanging from the moon and a button and brad from my stash, and I used copics to color my images: E21, E00, E000, R20, E55, E53, E51, Y000, B91, B000, B0000.
SafeWay Driving Centers have set a benchmark in the industry in the field of driver education. The centers have earned a solid reputation for quality driver education and are known for thorough instruction to learners.
Then there are the kids. They've been busy at school learning, learning, learning. The learning curve for middle school has been a steep one, very steep. For more than just the middle schooler. I've had to learn, and learn quickly, that no matter what, I'm not actually IN school anymore. The grades are not my grades. The work is not my work. The realization came after I "helped" with one assignment which was returned with a good score and the words "great job!" at the top. The actual student could have cared less (and likely didn't learn a thing that the assignment was trying to teach, while I felt stellar. YIKES! not my grades any more. I learned VERY quickly that when I say "just do your best, that's all you can do" I have to really mean "as hard as YOU can".
Bloomsbury, who came up with the idea, and put my husband and I through our paces over a whole weekend, while I tried to draw the street pattern I remembered from my childhood stays in Merthyr, and he played the artist! Basically, no - I had no map. I just wandered in my memory down real streets, into real kitchens, front rooms, back gardens and parks. But the memories of childhood places are shifted by time, aren’t they, and by competing memories. So in the end I put a note in the back to that effect. “I have moved mountains, I have shifted your streets,” basically - in case
What I particularly like is his ‘leaving statement’, in which he praised FC Köln and their fans. Nasri could learn a lesson there.
It’s been a week of signs, wonders and “God winks”.
18 The Weight
Still rocking the no make-up look. Obviously I hadn't caught up on all of that sleep I lost due to my overnight in the Las Vegas airport. Zane makes fun of how much my eyes squint in pictures, and it seems to have caused me to look like I have a droopy eyelid in this one... all around a fantastic picture here, obviously. And after this long caption I am obviously insecure about it, so I don't know why I am posting it. Oh well.
3) Go big or go home.
Which brings me to my next point: have you ever tried a grilled avocado before? I’m sure you’re looking at me with a twisted expression of combined disgust and curiosity, but let me assure you that this is one fruit (yes, it’s a fruit) that loves to be thrown on the barbeque. Because of its soft, dense flesh, avocado seems to soak up that smoky grilled flavour almost better than any other veg I know. Plus, grilling brings out an unexpected nuttiness that a fresh avocado just doesn’t have. Try it friends, you’ll thank me.
So now I am back at home, trying to get ready for school, trying to write out my progress reports (HA!), and trying to understand why? oh why? this happened. I know that there is a reason for everything, and I am going to rest in the fact that Tiny Tucker is in NO MORE PAIN and that I am sure he is up in heaven dancing and singing and hopefully enjoying a Sonic Drink!
On January 27, 1967, Grissom was killed in a suspicious space capsule fire. Before his body was cold, federal agents invaded his home and seized Grissom’s personal records and diary.[81]
Clean teeth are so much better than “buttery nubs!” I seriously never laughed so hard in my life when I heard my friend tell her son Saturday night to “get away from her with his buttery nubs!!”
Those odds of 1 in 3,200 seemed surprisingly low to me.
Sorry, folks, the other post was just getting to long and I (and you) probably needed a break. Anyways, after an awesome Thursday and Friday in the city, I was looking forward to seeing the rest of my family later in the weekend.
He lets me rest in green meadows;
This anchor chart starts to deviate from the Sister's anchor chart. I noticed that, as I was beginning to write Teacher expectations on the right side, all of these charts would look exactly the same, so that seemed silly. I therefore started to branch out-- which the Sisters encourage!-- and added the orange "Choices" section. I find students referring to this a lot, so next year, I will probably change the entire right side to reflect the choices available to students during Read with Someone time.
Try it yourself on the following:
State Rep. Scott Krug
Apparently only a few days later the same pup was spotted making his way through the same neighborhood, probably heading back to that same couch to take another nap.
I prefer the Big Daddy IPA to this, but then again that is because I don't really like - yes, you've guessed it - amber ales.
The only reform in ballot access in the last 20 years occurred because the Bush campaign tried to keep John McCain off the New York Primary Ballot in 2000. A Federal Judge ruled after the McCain campaign took the Republican Party to court, to eliminate the need for ADs, EDs and totals on nominating petitions cover sheets. Judge Edward Korman who also ruled that candidates can correct their petitions cover sheets for defects after they are submitted to the Board of Elections, did more then any Good Government group to make a very restrictive ballot access system a little bit easier for challengers.
Tuesday 25 September 2001
We were in so many positions that it is hard to remember them all … he on top, me on top, delicious oral sex for me – OMG, he has the best tongue and lips and can make me cum like no other. I really don't know how other bloggers recall all the delicious events because even though I wrote this only 24 hours after our trip, I can't remember it all nor give it the justice it deserves so forgive my poor recollection.
Billet does not rhyme with ballet,
We will provide evidence that MACC and Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) investigators took these allegations seriously as we unravel further evidence. It raises further questions about another series of enormous out-payments from Michael Chia’s HSBC account.
1 cup sugar
Could lead to his Impeachment
If you're a regular of this blog, then you know how important music is to me. The essay below, first published in The New Statesman, throws new light into the relationship between music and science. Great, entertaining and though-provoking holiday read. I hope you enjoy it. I'm back from my cy-bernation and will resume blogging duties next week. I hope you all had a nice, restful time off.
Experience is the great watershed of individualism. The greater the emphasis on the individual, the greater the emphasis on psychology and emotion – for these are the primary aspects of individual experience. If the focus shifts from my place within a network of relationships to my place within myself, then the focus necessarily leaves me with nothing but “me.” Love ceases to be a set of practices and becomes a feeling.
ManouriCheese On Top 0fFig & Apricot
So what are these 1988 tracks with Willie Joe Duncan? Recorded in East Palo Alto, California, by a guy named Charlie Lange, we get Willie Joe talking about Jimmy Reed and Muddy Waters (whom he claims to have played with), and some unheard recordings where Willie Joe is backed by Chester D. Wilson on guitar, Lone Cat on harmonica and Willie G. on spoons. I have never heard of these three, but while they may not be Rene Hall or Froggy Landers, they do a nice job of backing up Willie Joe, all playing in pretty much the style of Jimmy Reed. There's several instrumental jams, which are very loose and yet another instrumental using the riff that we know of as Unitar Rock and/or Twitchy, this time called Joe Duncan Instrumental. There's also a jam in which he basically recreates what he sounded like playing on Maxwell Street with Jimmy Reed (Chester and Lone Cat filling in for the long gone Reed), called Key Of Jimmy Reed. Had Duncan never moved to L.A., Jimmy Reed's records, might have sounded quite different. Perhaps they would have a Unitar on them. Back to the One String Blues Masters CD --I'm glad I bought it. It's a bit short on liner notes and photos, in fact there's no liner notes at all or even a booklet. But you do get One String Sam's classic I Need $100, originally released on J-V-B, (owned by Joe Van Battle, who recorded John Lee Hooker's first sides, I guess he figured if he did so well with a guy who knew one chord, a guy with one string couldnt' miss. Anyway, it's said to be Don Van Vliet's favorite record, although don't ask me who said it, I forgot, still it's a classic by any one's standards, and these parenthesis are making me claustrophobic). It's also as rare as an honest politician. Personally, I wish the whole package was on vinyl, but clocking in at eighty minutes it would have to have been a two record set (or thirteen 78's) which economically was probably not feasible. Of course if you don't own the original 78 or 45 (does it exist on 45?) of One String Sam's I Need $100 b/w My Baby Ooo, which, unless you're extremely lucky, you could never find for a mere $100 nowadays, this compilation is double essential. There's also a live version from the '73 Ann Arbor Blues Festival and two other tracks from the same date. There's really not a bad track on this CD, although One String Sam and the Specialty sides from Willie Joe are the best things here, Eddie "One String" Jones' Rollin' & Tumblin' is excellent, as is his version of The Dozens, although it's admittedly a hard song to fuck up.
Love will change its tune
So the zebra went off in search of God. When he found Him, the zebra asked, "Please God, I must know: Am I white with black stripes, or am I black with white stripes?"
2. Pull the thread as usual to distribute the fullness but distribute it all the way around and not just between the front and back notches.
K: Searching
I always encourage my students to talk to me and share their yoga experiences, and, last week, two of them did share some really interesting information.
“Try to improvise and react like Marlon Brando in On the Waterfront,” I suggested. “That’s the kind of performance that will bring you critical acclaim.”
needed a cat. Life can be that way. That’s part of the reason I was on Sanibel
We were driving very fast – I did not see a driver – and it veered off the road and out into a field with stubbed corn, already harvested. I though it would overturn, but miraculously it re-stabilized itself and found its way out on the main road again.
This song was constantly playing in my house during the summer I turned 21.
2. Asparagus, $1.47/lb. at Sprouts (through 11/17/10)
I should note that they can be spun manually.
These Zack Brown peeps again - they sound very bluegrass. Next.
a relentless desire to correct culture.
Then there’s the Aviary. A terrifying monsterpiece of a building, the Aviary is a gargantuan rectangular concrete block with narrow vertical slits for windows. This is where the town keeps its inexplicably large population of madmen. It’s also where the town gets rid of most of its dead. Bodies are dumped into holes at the base of the Aviary, where they’re dragged away and somehow made use of by the Aviary’s inhabitants. Again, this building has been sealed off since the outbreak, the inhabitants still inside.
Turn all the pies over and match them up according to sizes. On one side of a pie spread a nice amount of the Irish Cream Buttercream. I used about 2-3 tablespoons depending on the size of the pie. Don't be stingy now. On top of this add 1 teaspoon of the Irish Whiskey Ganache and then top with a second pie.
4. Accumulate information about the financial impact of the abuse on the Church.
by Yuichi Yokoyama, 2004
I knew we were in for something special during the pre-show show, which featured the hosts talking to this lady in a French flag dress --
Hoping for the interview in an "undisclosed location",
However I miss the fun: the buzz of a crowded shop on the last Saturday before Christmas, meeting old friends at drunken book launches and having a good bitch with the publishers' sales reps. I don't think there's much fun in the book trade any more, so perhaps I was lucky to get out while I did.
El Salvador’s executive office is not the only branch of government demonstrating some real autonomy of late. As evidenced by its decision to do away with the PDC and PCN parties – against objections from the AL – the judiciary has shown a real independent streak as well.
*Treating Head louse by home remedy with mayonanaise
Some friends and I were having a conversation on tango the other day and the subject drifted toward the manner of dance here in the states, in particular, what seems to be a common tendency among highly skilled dancers and professionals. To specify, I'm fairly certain it was in reference to many who dance in the style generally referred to or understood as "neo" or "nuevo," which quite frankly seems to comprise many of the well known professionals. Anyway, my friend was saying how she finds that most people she has danced with in this style who are from this country have a curious lack of dynamic compared to people from Europe or Argentina. By "dynamic," we mean the manner in which energy is shared between partners; the give and take of force. For example, how the leader can mark a propulsion in the follower and then use the energy from her subsequent inertia to power his own movement. (This can also work the other way, where the follower uses the leader's energy.)
Lauren Bergman, Curatorial Assistant, Modern Art
Okay everything is running together on me..... We are still in the 30 Day of No Spending challenge sponsored by none other than Christie at Bushel and a Peck. I had to run to theYakima Fruit Marketto stock up on some yummy produce on Monday. I love going there and buying fresh stuff!! The peaches are so sweet and the blueberries are to die for. I am in heaven with all of this wonderful produce.
The charmed population of Aberdeenshire has historically experienced early springs, punctual return of swallows, balmy if slightly dry summers and mild falls. Winter, since the storms of 1981-2, was a gleam in the weatherman’s eye.
In 1970 the Museum of Modern Art staged a "Lost Films" exhibit and published an accompanying book by the same title. At least two of the pictures in MoMA's exhibit -- Street Angel (1928) with Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell, and Rex Ingram's The Garden of Allah (1927) -- have surfaced since then, so there's always hope. But London After Midnight remains lost, and the pages devoted to it in the MoMA book are sparse. Author Gary Carey wrote: "It is almost impossible to synopsize a mystery film which one has not seen because critics, bound by professional ethics, divulge little of the plot let alone its solution."
I slowly walked toward him and the photographers instructed me to tap him on the shoulder and he could turn around to see me. It was so strange, I had so many butterflies in my stomach and I was so excited to see his face. Bottom line the moment was magic and his first words were "OH J.C. you look F#CKING AWESOME!" Only he actually fully said J.C. He quickly covered his mouth and apologized and asked if the camera guy could edit that out. It was adorable, innocent and awesome all at once!
Being inspired by all of the wall stripes and stencils I've recently seen popping up in blogland, I thought this might be a fun way to decorate some Easter eggs - using a stencil or possibly masking tape to paint plaid and polka dot Easter eggs.
After a long summer of pizza highs and lows the summer season is drawing to an end and big decisions need to be made..... I am going to have to buy a new razor as the old one is really starting to chafe; I have been told that I am getting 'manly' stubble these days so the razor replenishment will have to upped.
AW has also said that if he knew about Vermaelen’s fate, he would have signed a center back. Wow, he tells us. There’s no point sulking anymore. We have a long tournament-less summer to look forward to. You wouldn’t call the European Under-21 Championships a ‘tourney worth watching’. Will you?
Additionally, much of Jude/2Peter 2 is an allusion to Jewish writings just before the first century known as the “Pseudepigrapha.” These are Jewish writings (in Greek) that give a lot of “back-story” to many of the OT writings and give a window into Jewish belief and mysticism for some sects of the Jewish faith around the time of Christ.
Indeed, Barack Obama is liked, according to polling. When push comes to shove, though, when it’s about voters’ jobs, homes, and financial security, likability takes a distant second place. Likeable employees are fired every day for nonperformance; they may get better severances, but off they go. Voters have historically proven to be tough employers.
And there seem to be a lot of different variations - extreme minimalists - they only own 25 things or they live in hotels and all their stuff fits into one suitcase, or they have a house with just a mattress on the floor and not even a table, or a tiny house under 900 square foot; or they have got rid of their car and cycle everywhere; or more moderate practitioners where you are allowed only 30 of each thing - one lady recommended only having 30 coats !! Or minimalism linked to Christianity, or frugalism, or environmentalism - using less to leave a smaller footrprint on the world... just fascinating, a total reaction to excessive consumption - it's no surprise that lot of these bloggers are American.
* eco friendly
Lucy Bloom is broke, freshly dumped by her boyfriend, and forced to sell her house to send her nineteen-year-old son to drug rehab. Although she’s lost it all, she’s determined to start over. So when she’s offered a high-paying gig helping clear the clutter from the home of reclusive and eccentric painter Marva Meier Rios, Lucy grabs it. Armed with the organizing expertise she gained while writing her book, Things Are Not People, and fueled by a burning desire to get her life back on track, Lucy rolls up her sleeves to take on the mess that fills every room of Marva’s huge home. Lucy soon learns that the real challenge may be taking on Marva, who seems to love the objects in her home too much to let go of any of them.
DIED AUG 21, 1971
Our souls were created for the ebb and flow of pouring ourselves out before Him, as He pours life back into us. He touches our hearts, just enough for each day.
The original terrorism unit in the prosecutor’s office was the first of its kind in the nation, and its lawyers were long the pre-eminent terrorism prosecutors in the nation, winning convictions in the first World Trade Center bombing case and the bombing case stemming from Al Qaeda’s 1998 attacks on United States Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, among others.
And the things you hold true,
If you haven’t seen the eyeshadow quad, this is how it looks like. The perfect quad for the spring as an everyday look. I’ve never liked anything with an orange hint to it. Funny, as I grow older, I seem to like everything I don’t fancy.
As an editor, you have to put yourself in the place of a moviegoer and ask yourself, “Can I see these things occurring?”
Combine above ingredients.
"Me to honey, me to! But you've got a fan!"
Paper: real red, certainly celery, chocolate chip (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptress), designer paper (PTI)
Charlatans Can’t get out of bed UK Charlatans Nobody UK
To enter, comment on this post (click previous link and scroll) and include an email address (formatted like: cynthia at cynthialeitichsmith dot com) or a link to an email address. Or you can email Cynthia directly with "Joanne Rocklin critique" in the subject line. Author sponsored. Eligibility: U.S./Canada. Deadline: 11:59 CST May 14. Note: please indicate if you're entering for a critique/book or both.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: Winner.
I got loads of gingham at Wal-mart for $1.50 a yard. I was able to make 32 napkins and 4 runners, and still have leftover fabric.
I asked Dave, an employee at Southside Virginia Community College, if he had heard of any Muslim groups in the area.
Dr. Gordon said it would be important to continue the studies, and to try to find out whether environmental chemicals were having an effect.
PRESIDENT KARZAI: (Interpretation begins in progress) — prosperity and peace for the people of Afghanistan.
Disturb the universe?
With so many choices
Dark wood, light paint, bar with rows of taps along the back wall – the Fuller Thomson style is getting easier to recognise. Formulaic as it is, it wouldn’t be enough to tempt me here on its own, but beer consultant Chris Mair has put together a beer list worth travelling for. From the revered Kernel of Bermondsey there was Export Stout and from Luckie, a semi-hobby brewery even smaller than The Kernel, whose beers are even more rarely seen on draught even in Scotland, a strong mild. Making its Edinburgh debut, the experimental Fyne Davaar IPA in pale and black versions, which London got before we did (pah!). All from the cask as God intended. For kegophiles there was Summer Wine Maelstrom, Hardknott Vitesse Noir and Brooklyn Sorachi Ace and some others that I've forgotten.
Hello, right okay. New blog. Should be good. Haven't quite got the hang of it yet. Now, as you can see, my Banner is a tad too big. No matter! I will sort it out soon.
1 long Asian eggplant, quartered and sliced
Travis Tacon - Gets thanks for helping everything run smoothly. When we needed anything, Travis was right there to help us out. He also really knows how to get down on the dance floor.
I first started participating in sprinting during NaNoWriMo last year. There's a place on Facebook for members of one of my writing groups where we can go to sprint. I know of writers who also did sprints on Twitter. I finally wandered over to the iWriteNetwork sprints in the chat room where I found the interaction to be more immediate than on Facebook and less cumbersome than on Twitter where you had to use a hashtag with every comment. If you haven't participated in a sprint session before, I suggest you give one a try and see how you like it.
Getting to know your professors can not only lead to job recommendations, but can also be a gateway to important introductions and meaningful support systems. Maintaining relationships with Carolina alumni is also an important step in preserving resources of encouragement and possible job connections. I only really took advantage of University Career Services in my senior year, and that’s something I should have done much sooner. Through UCS, you can find jobs posted by alumni or by organizations where alumni are already employed and find employers looking for Carolina grads.
So I thought Fuckit. I should have just stayed dead when I was killed off and I deleted the fucking blog.
He writes: “JMU has provided me the opportunity to personally tailor my undergrad education. The opportunities on this campus are endless. Even when an opportunity didn’t exist here, JMU facilitated me in opening new doors. Prior to attending this university I often conceded to educational challenges. JMU made me realize that if you put in the effort and accept help when needed, you will be successful.”
sakura silver pen
Meanwhile, thank goodness for raised garden beds. The few vegies I have up already are none the worse for their good soaking.
So this isn’t exactly a super duper exciting post or anything, but I think it will still be helpful to you guys. Besides the obvious and always used basics flour, sugar, butter, eggs, etc, etc, I have a couple other things around that I tend to use a lot and have around for cooking purposes. Here are a few of my favorite items that I use quite frequently…..
1872-1921
She tries not to shake her head violently at all of these invasive voices coming at her from the dark corners of the room. She can faintly make out the shape of one of her inquisitors, who sits nearest her across the table, on the edge of the harsh light pouring down onto her. She tries to see the shapes of the other people in the room, but she can’t quite make out where they were standing in the darkness.
Movement? No, baby is only the size of a grape.
Here’s a list of participating cruise agencies and current mileage offers:
- If Mail is hidden at logout time, it may not be correctly relaunched during a subsequent login but will appear to be running
PERSONAL: Married with four children and two grandchildren
I feel quite tenderly towards the king: he’s gentle, kind, well-intentioned – and a bad parent. Life has proved hard and he’s opted out, neglecting the kingdom and his child, leaving her to cope with the loss of her mother on her own. She’s lonely, isolated and abused by the housekeeper, although he doesn’t know about that – or to be more accurate, he hasn’t noticed.
What happens the rest of the time?
Light Pink CS for the base & the layer.....
16. Overall, which show has the better cast, 3 or 5?
As a former CEO and Operations Consultant, I get that this could look attractive from a cost savings perspective, and altruistic if one believes that encouraging employee thinness is the same as supporting employee health goals. But I also know better than to buy into the latest thing without doing my research. It turns out, in the long term, these programs are most likely to leave employees less healthy, less productive and cost more.
I was so VERY proud of my girls…they speculated on how “The Mama” would feel, when she knew people that she didn’t know , loved her and her babies, that she might feel a little bit better, maybe.
Cheerful, chirpy, Callum the cuddler, confident and calm.
To round out my garden shopping, I also purchased some poppy and amaranthus seeds. I would have loved to get ferns and hostas, but I have no shade back there!
....and just in case I forget: The Hairy Bikers were wearing, according to Sonshine 'hoderlesen' as they yodelled their way through Austria.
The theme is PEACOCK, suggested by Linda.
It is a good idea to practice grounding and quieting ourselves as we begin our days-as well as providing ourselves with physical outlets to blow off steam–so that we can utilize this gift of energy in a focused and productive way-rather than letting it scatter our efforts or overwhelm and our systems, leading to an excess of aggression, distress, or anxiety. This conjunction is a gift, if we utilize it appropriately
Confit Tomato, Niçoise Pearl Onions
But for once, I convinced myself to hold off and, especially tonight, set a better example to myself.
So as all my loved ones gather round for my final words, I might just say something to mess with their heads: I just want to state for the record that you’re all bastards, or if I disliked the woman that my son married, I would point a shaky finger at her and say: I know about the poison and then snuff it as the rest of my family look at her with evil eyes.
Health-based drinking water guidelines are available for several of the organic chemicals detected in Cape public drinking water. No samples exceeded the health-based guidelines for these chemicals. For the two perfluorinated compounds and one of the organophosphate flame retardants we detected, federal and regional U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) offices15, 16 and several states17, 18 have developed health-based guidelines, which are not enforced but provide a recommended level designed to protect human
But being the workaholic that I am (or should I say the "Social Butterfly" that I am), of course I have to try to squeeze in some time within the 2-1/2 days that I am there to visit with my wedding colleagues as well. I will have a full report on that when I return next Tuesday. Ahhh... wish I have my new DSLR already!
I have never forgotten this moment. It was a conviction of sin. It was one of those life-defining moments. As I contemplated what my friend had done to me, I realised the enormity of what I had done to God with my sin.
2tbsp pumpkin seeds
Rain poured outside while our bus driver perilously navigated the slick streets; meanwhile the two men continued to talk across the aisle with each other, until one, who introduced himself as "James", decided he would just sit beside his new companion, who said his name was "Jack".
The vote was 68-23, with all but one Republican for it.
XXXXXXXC
It seems all we can do is sit and wait, and distract ourselves by endlessly trawling facebook and playing QWOP. Oh and maybe occasionally moving from the bed to get food, and then retreat back to the hovel, A.K.A the bedroom, which has somewhat become a dump, the floor no longer visible. Yes mum, I’ll tidy it later. (Later meaning, never.)
Almost there... The two armies measure each other from across the river. The Scots are deploying defensively, ready to repel the norsemen back to the river. The vikings are deployed in a long, thin line and cry out "Til Valhall"!
he took hold of her
"I wrote this in the toilet earlier, it's all in me pissed head so bear with me!"
45. Because of its effects on oxygen delivery, caffeine increases the likelihood of birth defects and low birth weight.
1 gesture
At the count of a hundred, the wolf silently moved to the edge of the house, stuck his head around the corner, spotted Hannah, and howled with glee. He easily beat her back to the tree trunk.
We all try to think ahead and make a road-map for our lives. I am here to tell you that God has declared in his word that He already has plans for your life.
I am making a point of trying to be in the moment as much as possible. Which is not always an easy thing to do. But it's like riding a roller-coaster. Be in the moment, breath, and let out a good yell every once and a while.
The frumious Bandersnatch!"
Teams have historically used a cranked handled wrench for this purpose, although teams have recently been using cordless drill type adjusters. The collar of the drill modified to quickly deliver a specific number of turns, which are pre-set into the collar mechanism.
stage #2. my hair did not fall out immediately after chemo one or two. it was gradual. a little more each day. so i decided it was time to cut it (not shave it). as the hair kept falling out and little ava not knowing any better than to grab a hold of it and take some hair with her...it seemed that shorter hair would help with the whole i have cancer and my hair is falling out and this is sad and hard and i am insecure and nervous about how i will look as i loose my hair and i am not bold enough to shave it all of`f like some stronger women than me are able to do. so i cut it and i hated it.
Life can be extremely difficult and painful at times. We live in a fallen world. We experience problems, heartaches, disappointments, and loss. Where can you go for help? Go to Jesus. He will sustain you.
Also, this is going on:
Happy Friday! Wow, did April fly by, or what? We are wrapping up National Poetry Month this week, and our inspiration image was chosen with Astronomy Week in mind.
They were still in a bit of a mourning process I guess, so they were talking about old memories & other things as they moved stuff, I remember walking to the entrance of their open apartment door to see if they needed help; but I think that they were outside putting something in an automobile(s) (I think that one or two other people drove up to talk with them and/or help them in the parking lot), so no one was in their apartment, and I remember seeing an old arcade system in their apartment as I stood in the doorway & it had the name of the game written on it in English that I could read but I do not remember what it said.
Lately, we have seen national and local politicians hugging the limelight in all types of media mouthing their political plans, making political tie-ups and seeking political patronage.
Additionally, as far as I'm concerned, if you're writing a review, no one reading it gives a shit about your personal life, good, bad, ugly, whatever. Okay, be fair, the first review one writes after, say, the birth of their child or another major life event? Yes, by all means, have it in all caps for Heaven's sake. In any other case, though, shut the Hell up.
And then I saw it:
We are back after a splendid week in Lanzarote where the sun shone and the beer and wine flowed and the entire visit was made even more memorable by meeting up with fellow-blogger Little Nell and her husband. Us bloggers inhabit a strange world where we know each other well but, in most cases, have never actually met face-to-face. And can there be a finer tribute to this on-line community that we belong to than the fact that a fellow blogger can extend such a warm hand of friendship and hospitality to someone who has, until then, been little more than a pixel avitar. Marilyn (Little Nell) and her husband John took us around the island and introduced us to places that will live in the memory for a long time. For the next few days I will feature some of the photographs I took in order give people just a little flavour of what is a stunning island set in the Atlantic Ocean about 80 miles off the African coast.
Further, having been absent for over a season through injury, Wilshere has a duty of care to his employers that demands he think very long and hard about what is good for his long-term career. Is being carried on a wave of jingoism really that important? Does he really care what the readers letters in The Daily Mail say? Or would he be better to declare himself unavailable for the tournament? Personally I believe he must remain at the club for his return to fitness to be properly monitored.
I am definitely going to appreciate these casseroles in a few weeks!
From early 1970s to late 1980s, Globo dominated both the audience and the development of television programming. It had a 60-80% share in major cities at any given time. As television researcher Joseph Straubhaar declared, “even people who might have had questions about the news almost always accepted the Globo novelas”. During this period, Globo was accused of being the mouthpiece of the dictatorship, mainly because of its omission in covering the Diretas Já movement, in which thousands of Brazilians gathered on public squares to demand a direct election for President. In 1980, Tupi went bankrupt and was closed by the military government. Its signal was split and given to Silvio Santos, who launched SBT, and Adolpho Bloch, who launched Rede Manchete. Since Tupi’s disappearance, Globo virtually dominated the market alone. The only time its leadership was threatened was when Manchete aired Pantanal in 1990. Nevertheless, Manchete never achieved the same success with any other of its telenovelas, and would have the same fate of Tupi, ceasing its operations on May 1999, and having its signal replaced by that of RedeTV!.
As Jude's mommy it is getting so hard to watch him face battle after battle. It just broke my heart yesterday to see him so weak and tired from whatever was bothering him. It is so hard to leave him each day. I just want to stay with him and cuddle him until he is well. I want so badly to have him in my arms anytime that I want to.
Pirke Avot is mostly a collection of sayings from the rabbis of old. It it still widely studied because the sayings still have meaning and it is popular because it consists of many short, standalone aphorisms. We have several versions of the book in our library. Wisdom of the Jewish sages: a modern reading of Pirke avot, by Rabbi Rami M. Shapiro, is small enough to fit in your pocket and, even so, has more white space on each page than print. Rabbi Shapiro has translated and interpreted the ancient text in a way that is most meaningful to him and, he hopes, to other modern readers. He has removed some of the sexist language and, interestingly, translated Torah as Reality. It is worth reading in its own right, but even more interesting to compare to traditional translations and commentaries.
The United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization has proclaimed April 30 “International Jazz Day”. Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Stevie Wonder, and musicians around the world will be taking part in global concerts to celebrate the day.
Stay tuned in the next few weeks as we start pulling this room together!
Writer : David Bezmozgis
A profile in the Newark Star-Ledger of New Jersey Nets CEO Brett Yormark, headlined Nets executive promotes New Jersey while selling Brooklyn, begins with the subject asserting he’s never read about P.T. Barnum, “the first great salesman/cajoler/marketer in American history.” Maybe that's a subtle sign that we should take what he says with a grain of salt.
"It tastes like . . . . . . EGG?" he stated (in the form of a question).
Mon, 2pm: Anxiety. Is it safe to eat?
Divide batter between cake pans and level with offset or rubber spatula. Bake until deep golden brown, cakes pull away from sides of pans, and toothpick inserted into center of cakes comes out clean, about 30 minutes (rotate cakes after about 20 minutes). Do not turn off oven.
Home Run Leader: Billy Williams 33
I’m not troubled by President Obama’s slow jam with Jimmy Fallon, who dubbed the commander in chief “preezy” during Obama’s appearance on late-night TV. No, preezy is making me queasy because his nonstop campaigning is looking, well, sleazy — and his ad suggesting that Mitt Romney wouldn’t have killed Osama bin Laden is just the beginning of it.
In fact, if you want to make your own poetry using trademark sentences, the fine folks at trademarkedsentences.com have an addictive little application for such a thing here. As always, I’m never the first person to think of these things. I’m just the only one I know who would go at great length about it.
One minute, they're standing, wobbling precariously. The next they're putting that first tentative foot forward, frowning with the difficulty of it all. And then, suddenly?
this is a really sweet and sad shoujo because it’s so sweet and i cried at some moments but i loved it
The golden apples of the sun.
The Times, 05/02/2012
Now, back at our new home we are continuing our efforts to eat lots of greens. We are trying to get at least one big serving of greens at dinner each night, but this can quickly become boring . So I have been keeping an eye out for different way to prepare collard greens, kale, chard and spinach. I was pleased to find a recipe for Kale Saag over at Not Eating Out in New York. It looked like a great new way to make kale. We simplified her recipe just a little bit because we are all about easy these days. It has great flavor. Kale can be tough and chewy, but this recipe blends it into a smooth texture. (I was toying with the idea of calling it Kale Mush for Grown-Ups, but decided that might not be a hit.) This recipe is vegan, but it would be good made with some chicken stock added instead of the cooking water, or some cream at the end.
The 3rd issue we thought we were dealing with was egg eating. It is apparently difficult to stop and we happen to like eating those eggs so we were a little concerned.
I mean, it isn’t as if seeing your favorite team lose a game once in a while is the end of the world!
And no damn skin,
Focusing on true independent feature films that mirror the experiences of the African diaspora, the inaugural film in this series is 6 Things I Never Told You, a collaboration of six very different films under one banner by six award-winning NYU Graduate Film Program alums, best described by them as an “anthology of cinematic snapshots examining committed romantic relationships in flux.” Each film centers on a significant landmark in the time line of relationships that are either renewed, dominated or lost, but all longing for one thing: control.
Preheat oven to 450 degree F. Spray an oblong baking dish with cooking spray, set aside.
A taxi honks to get by the pedestrians
Since I've been thinking about the reality of my wedding for the past few weeks, I've narrowed some basics down and gathered crazy amounts of inspiration to help me make decisions (...or become further confused, whichever). Check out some of my thoughts below :)
3/4 cup almond meal flour
One day, when her daughter was 14, Tammy walked in on her in her bedroom. “She was there in front of the mirror with her genitals tucked away. She was very embarrassed. I said, ‘I don’t know what’s happening here but if you want to talk to me, you can.’ About 10 minutes later she came and lay on the bed next to me and said, ‘I want to be a girl. I’m not a boy. My body is wrong. Everything is wrong.’” For Tammy, this was more than shocking: “I had watched programmes on transgender, I’m very interested in people, it’s part of who I am to find out about these things … But you never imagine it’s going to happen to you.”
“… if there is to be means of controlling the increasing flow of coloured people who come here largely to enjoy the benefits of the Welfare State.”
North Korea isn’t the only one with a gulag system. Jehovah’s Witnesses have created their own pseudo-gulag system and millions have paid the price with their families and their lives.
I love the fact that scrapping gives one the opportunity to give thought to your feelings and emotions when creating a project, and this one really did. It was very good for my soul!! Maybe do a little something for the soul today??
I was playing with the QuicKutz Sweetheart Release and I was trying to figure out a way to use the hearts for different occasions than the obvious love or Valentines. I was staring and staring when I saw the hearts turn into the petals of a clover. I remember seeing something similar made out of fabric in a magazine and I figured that I could do the same from paper.
May 5 Galleria 814 (814 St. Clair W.) 9 p.m.
Every week, that particular PR person turned up at recordings of the show with different lovely girls on his arm – sometimes three girls – a blonde, a brunette and a redhead. The TV producer was a bit of a philanderer; it was for him to choose whether he wanted the blonde, the brunette or the redhead. Or two of them. Or all three. After the show, they would all go back to a London flat where there were mirrors on the walls.
First up Haynes Acoustic Guitar Manual by Paul Balmer.
Everyone can pshaw me. I have a complex about being treated as younger than I am. I will say, I know I look younger, which is fine in social situations and not an issue for me. Usually this bugs me most in a work situation. It is getting more fun to say I'm in my late thirties, but still, I get the "you're still young" statement at work more times than I can count. In my twenties, I thought, fair enough, but I do have ideas I would like to try. In my early thirties, sure, I've only been out of grad school for 5-10 years, I need to get some time under my belt. But now I'm starting to get a bit peeved. How many years should one expect to be in the work force to get respect for experience? So I keep thinking that maybe 40 is the magical number. That this is the time that people will say, "Ok, yeah, she's been around the block a few times." On the other hand, I have always worked with people older than me, so I guess they deserve to lord their years of experience over me. But I would like them to acknowledge that I have spent enough time in my business to warrant a nod of recognition that I do know what I am doing, on occasion.
Content until....
I was looking through my photos trying to think of a different way to incorporate the word Trust for this challenge. When I came across this Halloween pic of the kids and saw the look on their faces my title popped into my head. Had a lot of fun mixing and matching different papers for the background and found some fab black open weave mesh in a Dollars and Sense store which I thought would add some grungy texture.
But did I give up, dear readers? I did not! Instead, I grabbed an empty Coke Zero box, put a blob of peanut butter in the bottom, and plonked it down in the recess. And waited. After a few minutes the little mousey came out, had a sniff about, then went back behind the cupboards again. Still I waited. Out it came, and progressed a short way into the box, before shooting back again. Still I waited. Finally, the furry little bugger was overcome by greed, and scuttled right into the box, burying its mousey nose in the peanut butter. And then I pounced, tipping the box up, and trapping my rodent nemesis.
When ensuring those who cannot speak are spoken for’s your mission
LauraB
I only remember a few things that happened after that, as I traveled in and out of delirium: the paramedics arriving, the inside of an ambulance, and then I awoke in a hospital room. I gave a formal report to the police containing everything that had happened, including a retelling of Mel’s original story from nineteen eighty-three, and made my way away from the town as quickly as I could.
Miss’s explanation for this was that it was to round out and press home the fact that Mr Duffy was a bit of a weirdo. I mean, it’s clearly a very bizarre practice. What kind of a strange potato must he have been to do that sort of thing?
I shall be seeing a lot more of the Long Man in the future. I think we're going to get along very well.
ghee/ oil - 1/2 tsp
I’ve bored you enough, so I will now continue with my past two weeks selections. Oh, I forgot, I have thrown in a surprise drink (I don’t think I would have called it beer, but it is one nonetheless), and I shared it with my brother-in-law Jeremy. I even took a picture of him drinking it:
If second-hand smoke is harmful, and I personally have come to accept that it is, if to a still uncertain extent, there is no way to protect the health of workers except to make the smoking ban uniform. Compromises are impossible to incorporate, and before someone asks, I opposed the New Albany council’s citywide ban (over-turned by mayoral veto in 2008) precisely because it was porous. If universality in my own place, or the entire city, means that I must give up my cherished cigars indoors, then so be it.
“Not hungry,” he said and rushed toward the door. He burst out onto the sidewalk and adjusted the pack onto his back. Suddenly it seemed as though a million eyes were on him. Running now he took a short cut through the alley and heard Bob Dylan’s song, “Man Of Constant Sorrow” in his head.
“There was a huge amount of debris that we were just covered in. There were chunks the size of golfballs that came back and hit you.”
Seriously, all the flowering trees are bursting into bloom. Not budding, but blooming. It was mid-May a couple years ago when I made the Guy drive me around on a Saturday morning taking photos of the lovely trees in our fair burg.
There was a good old-fashioned catfight between two middle-aged women.
*Update* Aug 14, 2010
striving to discover an underlying ritual within the flux of quotidian urban life: “I want a holophrase” (defined by Parmar as “a primitive linguistic structure that expresses a complex concept in a single word or short phrase”, a description which tellingly resonates with Pound’s characterising of “ the image” as “that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time”) signals an attempt to encapsulate the teeming diversity of a single Paris day into a patterning of imagistic and linguistic flotsam inclusive enough to dismantle poetic hierarchies and find as much value in adverts, street-talk and signs as in the official high culture of the Louvre and the Arc de Triomphe.
P.S. Sorry if I haven't been visiting your blogs. But know that I am thinking of you guys in between writing breaks, snack breaks, and...er...well, not so much while I'm sleeping *awkward silence* Sorry. BUT! I love you guys, and the Nanoing is going great!
For this I am deeply
‘I believe in the afterlife.
“From that time on Jesus began to explain to his disciples that He must go to Jerusalem and suffer many things at the hands of the elders, chief priests and teachers of the law, and that He must be killed and on the third day be raised to life. Peter took Him aside and began to rebuke Him. “Never, Lord!” he said. “This shall never happen to You!” Jesus turned and said to Peter, “Get behind Me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to Me; you do not have in mind the things of God, but the things of men.”
At a court hearing, Zdebski said, he was shocked when the prosecutor called him a child molester and asked for a $125,000 bond, which the judge granted.
Ride the lightning:
J. Job title: Senior Auditor
my mistakes are dead
It reads:
When Racer sent this to me I was literally listening to the older version of Dopesmoker on the stereo. It's fate/ kismet/ karma/ destiny....
But the story could have been different had Parma found the cash to secure Rivaldo’s transfer back in the summer of 1996. Instead they signed his Palmeiras and Olympic team-mate Amaral (who coincidentally is still playing professional football at the age of 39). Deportivo La Coruna spotted an opportunity and snapped up Rivaldo, signalling the start of his stunning spell in Spain.
“now, father, glorify me alongside yourself. give me the same glory I had with you before the world existed.” (John 17:5 CJB)
Oh, God. Not my political science degree.
Upon this journey, yesterday evening, I purchased the cheapest box of grog I’d bought in a while. 18 bottles of Becks 5% 285ml for, now wait for it, £2.74. Yes folks that’s right. The whole box for less than the price of a pint. How did I manage this?
In starting to organize the recordings that I would be using in this blog I came across this cd-r in my spindle and I had no idea what this was because I never recalled Grid Iron releasing a 6 song ep. And some of the songs sounded like they could have been different mixes of tunes on Quietly, Confider but there were also songs from the Demo re-recorded as well as two songs that I never recalled hearing before on a recording. Then it dawned on me and I am fairly certain I unraveled the mystery of these songs. This is what I believe to be the story here- shortly after Grid Iron first started playing they started teaming up a lot with my band Yes Sensei for shows. We liked them a lot and playing shows together were always fun. After we, Yes Sensei that is, released our first album What I Do Best is What I Do Worst in 2002 we started looking to the future and thinking about our next release. After some discussion it was decided that we'd do a split cd with our buddies Grid Iron each of us doing six tracks each. Grid Iron had their shit together and it didn't take them very long to get their half of the split together and it wasn't before long where drummer Adam Kuhn was pestering us (rightfully so) wondering when we'd record out tunes. And unless I am mistaken (which would sure make me and this post seem rather silly- what can I say but those years were my "drunk years" so the memory is a bit fuzzy at times)- at some point Adam handed me this cd-r which was to be their six songs for the split.
Stephen Hill: Mike Wallace
So we created few leftovers, because there was no room to store them. And when we did have a six-pack in the house -- which is infrequent, but it happens -- only a couple bottles went into that cube at a time. We learned to anticipate our needs. And to simplify our options. Imagine that.
Coconut milk:1.5 cups
Nature, and Nina, just in black and white
I am almost drooling down my shirt just thinking about this cake. I made it a couple of weeks ago when we had my brother and his wife over for our monthly family dinner. When I was looking at my favorite food blog for my usual dessert inspiration and came across this cake I was a tad skeptical. I love cake, I love strawberries and I love strawberry cake. However, I wouldn't say I'm a hugely wild fan of limes. BUT...let me just say that there is something about the combination of the strawberries and the lime that totally WORKS! It's a match made in heaven.
Ingredients: Water, Cetearyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Cetyl Alcohol, PPG-2 Myristyl Ether Propionate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Stearalkonium Chloride, Glyceryl Stearate, Glyceryl Distearate, Dimethicone, Caprylyl Glycol, Stearyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Hexylene Glycol, Citric Acid, Tetrasodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Yellow 5 (CI 19140), Yellow 6 (CI 15985), Linalool, Limonene, Hexyl Cinnamal, Fragrance .
“I will go and look,” said Bantum standing up.
Now, when you are looking at these pictures, I'd like you to remember that I do NOT look like them, and I never will. Even if I (when I?) make it to my goal weight. It's not my goal to be super thin.
The steep walls of Canyon de Chelly were carved by the ever changing harsh weather of the desert. For many centuries, Canyon de Chelly provided a home for the Navajo populace. With its rich soil, many streams, plants, and animals who roamed the lands, the families who lived there felt safe from the world around them. In 1806, Lt. Antonio Narbona’s military attacked the unsuspecting Navajo people and lead to their defeat. The Navajos were escorted to Bosque Redondo, New Mexico. Today, Navajo families make their homes, raise livestock, and farm the lands in the canyon.
I’m not really a fan of movie art books. In fact I own a grand total of zero, but I am quite impressed by the visuals on this film. Enough to make this art-book a definite possibility.
Some partial scholarships are available.
Lets just say some nasty events happen that are beyond the girls’ control. A fight breaks out and several people are wounded and dying. These would be the turning point where one of the ladies gets out and fights her way through.
I know I do it.
Ok, I guess I added more movie that I watch recently…actually not too recent…huhu…but I’m just updated it now…cause of internet problem in my dorm…huhu…
you inhale
We usually conduct mystery shops when we are desperate to eat out and have no money left in our eat out/Dave Ramsey budget.
Article 5. The SIPO will only make patent assessment reports for utillity model patent or design patent of which the date of filing are on and after October 1, 2009 (meaning the priority date where priority is claimed), and will only make search reports for utility model patents of which the date of filing are before October 1, 2009 (meaning the priority date where priority is claimed).
Oil continues gushing from the Deepwater Horizon well. The big questions are still: what exactly happened, what is being done about it, and where is the oil going? Keep in mind that regardless of what safeguards or prohibitions the United States puts on deep water drilling in its own coastal waters, it still wants the drilling to continue and expand around the world, and so do all the world’s oil consumers. What is happening in the Gulf of Mexico could happen all along the Gulf of Guinea, and in increasingly numerous locations all around the world. Would governments be able to hold the oil companies to account for timely fixes and for damages? So far the US government is doing a poor job of protecting or investigating. There are lessons and warnings in the US Government’s approach to analysing and cleaning up following the spill.
but as I went last year and the year before,
“Three hours in bed? I don’t get it – why can’t you do whatever you have to do at the kitchen table?”
If this series is well received and there is enough interest I am hoping to create a Design for Writers newsletter/e-zine where I can really get into the Elements, Principles and Techniques of Design and how they SPECIFICALLY relate to writers. I would have in-depth monthly articles specific to cover AND author brand design. I would analyze existing authors cover designs, websites/blogs, and overall brands and answer questions from readers.
Fireworks in the Shire:
That I had spun myself
The next two are Maputo, Mozambique.
I want you all to know that I truly do value any and all friends that I have. And if you only knew the struggle that came my way -after I hit publish, yesterday. Wowzers! I really honestly thought I would have to sing this song for the rest of the day. My entire life, maybe?
So I worked. I read. I learned. I tried. I spent every waking moment trying to make this place better…for you guys AND for me.
Too bad we had to come home to shovel 20" of snow....
Okay, one shot is not going to be enough, I pour another and chug.
Megen and Emily were so disappointed, they looked like they would cry. “But we thought…” Em trailed off. What excuse was there? The fever of buried treasure had swept through our veins, erasing any logical thought we might have had.
It is a dollar store acrylic photo frame that I altered.
Stooges Lust for life US
Beautiful day on the lake, but a smaller turn out than years gone by...
“I don't know the reference,” said the marble, turning red.
The simplicity of the dark duck meat cake at hotel was excellent: confit.
That said, the fact that one can can identify specific groups of women who are likely to find the company of non white males more appealing, still does not answer the question “why?”. Particularly in relation to the second group, which can include some bright, or, at least shrewd women. Why would they willingly choose relationships which they are no less likely to become victims than the council house aspiring single mothers, indeed probably even more likely than that group to be the victims of violence?.
I don't know if difficult is the right word, but it's more time consuming than I'd anticipated. As a new novelist contracted to a small publishers I didn't expect to have a massive launch party and huge advertising campaign so it wasn't a shock to find marketing is mostly done online and through local press. If anyone would like to assist in this, I've been assured that a few good reviews on Amazon will make a big difference!
pasta of your choice
What can we learn from all this? That Utah's 4th district is extremely conservative and extremely white.
It’s the same in the summer, a few days of heat and everyone complains that it’s too hot, the Government issue warnings to the elderly to keep themselves cool, sales of BBQs and beefburgers go through the roof and those who really shouldn’t wear shorts and flip flops think they have an excuse to do so.
d) Addiction Specialization (social workers, AA ashtray cleaning, nursing, dealer –either here in a Nevada casino or located at the local street corner-)
And we did in Marymoor Park.
We grabbed some tickets for a cold and grey day at the ol' ballpark.
The best things in life aren’t free…they’re freely given.
Aha! Now I see the source of the real problem in this query. You're trying to make a point. Don't. The story has to come first. I'm fundamentally uninterested in"sleazy cops, bureaucratic control freaks, and professional hitters" because they are one-dimensional characters you're using to make a point.
You can’t say that I’m not handy. If I put my mind to it, I can pretty much do whatever needs to be done. But that’s the thing; it really needs to be done. I don’t go round the house searching for things to improve. If you were to show me a bathtub that holds water, I would say that was one fine bathtub. Show the same tub to Paul and he would find eighty seven things about it that need to be fixed; things like the yellow caulking or the rust spots or the gouges on the bottom of the tub that make it look like a desperate dog in need of a pedicure was trapped in it for a weekend; cosmetic things. Are you able to wash yourself in it? Alrighty then.
11. When a Man Loves a Woman - Enhanced Multimedia Edition by Alina Adams - Can a man and woman ever truly be just friends? What about if one of them is married? What if one of them suddenly isn't anymore?
10/24 – Cobalt Café – Canoga Park, CA
Cena gets on the mic, and he tells us this Sunday, ADR’s destiny changes, because The Champ is Here.
Though we get sad to see them fall
After our class, we were led us on a caravan to the upstart little shop, where we sampled flavours inspired by her childhood in Guadalajara, Mexico. It was like being shown through a secret passageway into a world of flavour which my young heart had not yet dared to imagine. I tried hibiscus for the first time in my life that day. It was like nothing I'd ever tasted before... sweet and piquant and addictive. I've never forgotten it.
Stitchin... What is it about folk art that speaks to us? I'm always drawn to the folky tulip ~ whether stitched or painted 100 years ago on an old blanket chest. Just can't help myself, anyone else suffer from this affliction? I remember an old friend who had not a single stem of anything planted in his yard. One day I asked him why not a few tulips, he replied they were too ugly! He's still my friend, my oldest in fact, I just didn't marry him:)
And now, if you will excuse me, I need to go and have a word with my idiot cat and try and persuade him that cats don’t growl at postmen. He’s been doing that a lot lately. If I wanted someone to growl at the postman, I would get a dog.
Seriously, I have no idea. I don't think I'd be good at long life, I'd probably get all stabby and off someone. But, if I had to say something, I'd love to see (a) the world as culture and that kind of thing intrigues me. And (b) I love to see fashion changes. This is mostly because they crack me up! And besides that, imagine the shoe collection I could have...because you know I'm vain like that.
Here is where we leave the known DDR4 world and enter into the realm of conjecture.
I need not have been too surprised, though.
Tell me that you love and show me how
Axe Save $1/1 Shower Gel or Detailer ets (4/22)
Let me say this with complete authenticity, this letter is not a “hey, look what I can do!” …in fact, it might be more of “look what I haven’t been able to do”. What we are feeling is raw, it’s real, and it’s fresh. So, if anything shared is offensive to you or you just don’t get it…it’s ok, because a lot of this post is to keep us accountable to what God is doing inside of us.
Under duress on Republicans, the House managed to pass the payroll-tax break and the debt-limit increase, the only major actions in 41 days.
Naik responded by first addressing John 14:6 and 9. He claimed that one should look at the immediate context of John 14:6, beginning at verse 1, where Jesus mentions that there are many mansions in his Father’s house and that he goes to prepare a place for his followers. Jesus tells his followers that they know the way to where he is going which leads Thomas to respond that they do not know where Jesus is going and therefore don’t know the way. We pick it up from there,
this level of spending?
And so it began…The tradition of Clarence leaving a short note and some chocolate on the dining room table.
3) A Sikh must take Amrit, wake up at Amrit Vela, meditate upon Naam and read Bani.
Like most police forces, the RCMP has been a bastion of tough, white men that under-represents women and ethnic groups. Meanwhile, Canada has grown ever more multicultural. The country's population is 51 per cent women, 15 per cent visible minorities and 4 per cent aboriginal, according to 2006 census data. (The Mounties do over-represent aboriginals in their ranks, given they often patrol those communities.
7. The nation will then receive her full blessing
Fair point, except the difference that’s come over this show in just one week is phenomenal.
108When victims at yon altar's foot we lay?
6 spermatozoon
by the billions find unidentified flowers
We find this kind of life in relationship with the God who gives. That’s what our understanding of grace is all about – our God gives. He’s not a god who sits far off in heaven & expects us to give & give & make sacrifice after sacrifice to try to make him happy. Our God is happy with us for Christ’s sake & so is happy to give us what we need. He gives rain to the unrighteous & righteous alike (check out Matthew 5:44-45 for example) and so his giving is unconditional & indiscriminate. The clearest place we see the heart of this giving God is in giving his Son to die for us, and Jesus himself is willing to give himself for us on the cross. This goes beyond a trite & cliché religious formula – it’s the greatest expression of sacrificial giving ever! If God is willing to give us his own Son, and if the Son is willing to give all of himself to us in his death, and if the Father is willing & able to give his dead Son new life in the resurrection, how much more will he be willing to give us what we need for every aspect of life, both in this world & in the next?
because my line
This is what you get when you let your 'much older' sister loose on your cutting out scissors :-)
Are you still with me?
The ‘machine-or-transformation’ test has much to commend it. It is a neat slogan which is easy to memorize. Its application to the facts of individual patent applications appears to produce much the same outcome—so far as this technical novice is concerned—as the more amorphous, less memorable, and confusingly articulated tests that arise from a synthesis of the decisions of the European, German, and UK patent granting authorities. The worst effects of its misapplication are guarded against by the requirements that even business method patents be novel and non-obvious. Best of all, it provides an intelligible rule of thumb for business investors at the point at which they decide whether to support the commercial development of a new process or not.
The idea is that you locate all the non-watery veggies that need using up. Clean them and grate them or chop them or whatever. Spinach, chard, silverbeet etc should be lightly steamed, then squeezed and chopped. I find that zucchini can be grated then squeezed out to remove excess water. Some mashed pumpkin is good, or precooked cauliflower or broccoli. Defrosted frozen spinach can be used, too. But no tomatoes in the mix, they are too wet!
like a daffodil offering its cup
Talking ring tones
Capital Island Wheat; Middleton, Wisconsin, Wheat Ale
The data can be downloaded directly to a
It's important to remind clients that they're both after the same result: a beautiful home that meets their needs and inspires them to live a more productive life. Once you divert the energy away from who's winning/losing the argument to how can we make this work, we have progress. That, and a little humour goes a long way - keep it light and progressive.
People come in all shapes and sizes, a variety of colors, personalities ranging from the complete bore to the life of the party - but when you send someone a picture that looks NOTHING like you and expect them to not notice, then you should make your reservation for hell right now. Sure, we all like how we look in "good" photos. I can capture an angle of myself that no one else can see. Suddenly, instead of a round face I have chiseled cheekbones! Am I proud of these pictures? Hell yes! Do I send them to people and claim I look exactly like that? No way. It's not fair, or right. Guys should take note of this too...do not send me a picture of yourself 10 years ago and 70 pounds lighter. If you do, be prepared to suffer the consequences, because I will call you on.
Renew Lehigh Valley has encouraged a regional and cooperative approach to the water infrastructure challenges facing the Lehigh Valley. The WIFIA legislation would provide a means for cost efficient solutions to be developed for the communities within the Lehigh Valley, while also fostering a mindset of sustainable growth and development. Water is vital to our existence. It’s time to bring the discussion about our water infrastructure challenges above-ground and address them as an entire Lehigh Valley.
These beautiful creatures were the first new tenants of my newly renovated guest house. They started off what I hope to be a sanctuary for people and animals.
I think growing up is so much easier said than done. I am approaching the second semester of my junior year in undergrad and I am beginning to feel some pressure regarding the real world. As college students we may become bombarded with the many questions we are asked by family and friends regarding our future. It is sometimes then that we realize it is time to grow up. Time to be responsible. Time to begin to prepare ourselves to live independently and pay bills. Even if some of us already have the responsibility of paying bills, there may be some intimidation about the fact that whether we are ready for not, the world is waiting for us bright eyed and bushy tailed.
My dad said to me when I was first considering organising my trip to Africa when I was eighteen that he felt it was important for me to feel rooted and that I would have something strong to come back to. At the time, I didn’t get what he meant. Whereas now I think I do – I have a safe space, a community that I truly feel a part of, where I have relationships and I’m able to offer a meaningful contribution.
So happily she greeted you,
Jamaican midwives, delivered with Windrush, would laugh and catch slippery babes in their magnificent arms and then glide like galleons under sail, to the nursery,far away.
any day ob the week!!!
But perhaps the most significant thing that differentiates the Scottish dispute (other than the better turnouts, and majorities for action) is the tone of the statement from the leadership to the opening of negotiations.
I've used a base of aqua card (it's SU, but I have no idea what it's called sorry!), layered with Very Vanilla and another piece of aqua that has been stamped with JustRite's Chevron Stripe Background stamp in Versamark ink. It's been a while since I've played with versamark, but I like the way it worked for this. The middle panel is another piece of vanilla - stamped with the roses from With Sympathy in Celadon Versacolor Ink. Across this is a darker piece of aqua bazzill, punched with Deco Fan and topped with white crochet lace (airbrushed with E53 Copic - because I don't have any ivory lace!). The feature panel is vanilla stamped with the frame and sentiment from With Sympathy and then coloured with BG72 and BG75 and cut out with Nested Oval Medallion Dies. I've framed this with dark aqua cut with Lacey Oval Nestabilities and popped it all up with X-press It High Tack Foam Tape. To finish I've made a flower using vanilla and Bitty Blossoms Shapeabilities (new toy! I can see I'm going to use this A LOT!) and a bit of greenery using Foliage Shapeabilities.
The run felt OK today. I was pretty tired from class and a little scared to push it too hard (especially after what happened last Friday), but I finished the run and that felt good. I am eager to start adding mileage to get ready for my June races.
“We are an independent trade publisher based in the heart of Canary Wharf along side other world famous media and publishing groups. We publish quality literature which will form the new platform from which twenty first century writers will be discovered. We are therefore searching for authors with excellent writing skills which accord with our high standards. Our lists contain a wide range of subjects both fiction and non fiction, and we produce a variety of interesting and readable books for all ages and tastes.”
with his photo and a few words BOLDLY displayed on the GIANT MONITOR
On April 29, 2011, Tasca was on patrol when she got a call for medical assistance. Former Bogota Council Member Tara Sharp, concerned about the erratic behavior of her 22-year-old son Kyle, called the police to take him to the hospital for a psychological evaluation. Requesting police intervention, particularly in cases of this kind, is never a good idea. Sharp was exceptionally fortunate that Officer Tasca was the first to respond: She has years of experience as an EMT and had just completed specialized training
The Maloney Team: Bethel Island, CA., A little break from real estate for a bit. I thought I’d get out of town and visit Bethel Island to check out their annual excuse to act crazy, drink beer and watch the catfish races. Here’s some pics that you might enjoy
Those were all good but I have a tie and it seems many others did as well so bear with me. They were both just so different from one another but I couldn’t put either of them down and found my thoughts drifting to them even upon completion.
After weeks of this attitude, I was so irritated that I began to dread class. I gave myself a talking-to. There was a lot of internal yelling and cat-fighting involved, but eventually the editor within reigned supreme. I reviewed my past work and made the changes she suggested and would you believe that my work got better? They weren’t big changes, as I said, but small things that improved the overall quality and clarity of my features.
Ada McGrath (Hunter) is a mute that has not spoken since she was six years old. She is set to be married to Alisdair Stewart (Sam Neill) who she had never seen. She has to move across the sea to New Zealand with her daughter, Flora (Anna Paquin) in tow. The boat she is traveling in is packed with crates of clothes, household items and her cherished piano.
Hugged them more
1 can cream corn
Why do you binge eat? He asked.
Heavy-pack guy introduces himself as “Musher.”
I don't mean to overplay the possible political interpretations here – although I do want to say again that I simply cannot read stories like this without wondering what might be at stake in the acceptance of their conclusions, and if there isn't a certain amount of wish-fulfillment going on (finally, Europe is the center once again!) – but do check out the original short article for more.
2. Once by Morris Gleitzman
“We’re seeing the age of the specialty worker expanding,” Dacri says. “Companies are running leaner, so they want to focus on their core business and bring in people when they’re needed.”
The westerly winds blow ever so colder and the sun sets earlier by each day. Looking out of the windows, I notice the first golden leaves on our birch tree and the rowan in our garden is by now fully mature.
So why didn’t I surrender earlier? Good question. It was all low ego thinking. I didn’t even bother to take the time to ask the angels what they had in mind. I just stopped listening. In one sense, I am glad that I waited since it showed me exactly what emotional gunk I was still fighting. It showed me anger and resentment about a specific situation that I had no idea was still there. Then again, did I need to know exactly what the anger was about? Maybe, maybe not.
actions on this world: miserably hellish
Yes, my Otley beer was sampled and I'm thrilled to say that it was everything I'd hoped it would be - full of aromatic lime and lemon notes from the botanicals of kaffir lime, lime skins and lemon grass - as well as the glorious Sorachi Ace hops - and with just the right spicy undercurrent to offset the sweetness provided by galangal.
Jesus sent us to proclaim the gospel of the Kingdom in which God is glorified by the reign of Christ as Lord of one’s life, but we have resorted to proclaiming a gospel of salvation instead. Don’t think I am disparaging the simplicity of the gospel; I was saved by praying a sinner’s prayer in childlike faith. However, once people give intellectual assent to the premise of our presentation and sign on the dotted line, then it should not be an exercise in futility to persuade them to tithe, attend church, serve the Lord and live according to Christlike character.
It is the latest controversy to hit French firm Atos, who are being paid £100million a year to weed out cheats.
A world painted with such variety could not possibly hold truths and lessons so boring as just black and white
After I received one of these in my March Teen Vogue box, I went right out and purchased Joy. I LOVE IT!! But since I already have the color, I am trading this for Amused, which is one that I really like. Joy is a gorgeous color though, don't be fooled by the bright orange!! The breakdown:
I have loved to write for as long as I can remember. When I was in fifth grade, I published my first book, There's a Huge Pimple on My Nose: A Collection of Stories and Poems. It received a glowing review in the Los Angeles Times: "If you simply want to enjoy some remarkable writing, it would be hard to find a book more satisfying." My second book, 3 a.m., has also received high praise and was featured on the national book talk show "Between the Lines" on PBS. I have also published articles and essays in Family Circle, Writer's Digest, The Los Angeles Times, and eight Chicken Soup for the Soul books.
Sixth Category: “Happiness and Contentment” Tied heavy to the last chapter is the true good in life: Happiness. And happiness is collection of virtues in action not just material contentment as utilitarians like Mill and Dewey might mistake it as (or you know the current government). And while not a very common mistake Adler as tears apart the Stoics (and Kant) who didn’t understand that while doing the right thing is very important, you also have to succeed some of the time to actually be happy
Supplies used -
3) Little Cupcake: Way out in Bay Ridge but such fabulous flavors. Go there hungry. Really. Coconut cloud is outstanding.
But, occasionally we can all touch the face of God, if only briefly. Perhaps that’s why we write, or paint or create anything that we absolutely must create. Of course, we might do it for a whole host of other less laudable reasons, but even in the heart of the foulest hack I believe there lurks the soul of a poet.
For witches this is the time of the “marriage” of the God and the Goddess, mirrored in the past by a “greenwood marriage”, gypsy fashion, over the bonfire.
Right now, there seem to be two camps on the Patriots running up the score: those that think they are and see it as a very bad thing, and those that either don't think they are (ahem) or that because it's pro football, there need be no mercy. No surprise, Group 2 is comprised almost entirely of Patriots fans.
Our sponsor this week is Paper Pretties and you can find all the other creations by the design team on our home page here. We also have a design team call ongoing for a few more weeks and details for that also are on the blog. Thanks for looking! Have a blessed week!
Acquisition 12
March 26, 2012 at 8:27 AM
Two very important things have happened in my life which helped me clarify the difference between race and behavior and how behavior can indeed be related to a race by ‘their’ choice, not by my observation. Fortunately for me I was raised in what now seems an idealized heterogeneous world………meaning every possible combination of race, religion, disability, sexuality and all the other isms. Currently I live in what has to be the Craig Venter lab for heterogeneity - N. California bay area -if you can not find it here, it plain does not exist.
No, sheet, I ain’t never seen nuthin’ like it. What with their drinkin’ all the time, callin’ ‘em forth. Lucky’s ma’s and ol’ man’s drinkin’ and the concern I have for ‘em and them drinkin’ all the time, with their kitchen countertop filled with bottles, more of ‘em empty than full, and unwasrhed glasses and the necessary jiggers and all the dishes and the pots and the pans in the house, all of ‘em durty all at the same time, fillin’ the sink and counter waitin’ there for somebody to lift a gotdamn finger. I was thunderstruck by it but aimed for it not to git in the way of my relationship with Lucky, so I wasn’t gunna say nothin’ about it. How somebody keeps their house is their own business and who was I to say that my house where everything had its place and everything out of place usually got put back immediately who was I to say that it was inny better and that the way we lived was inny better than the way Lucky’s family lived when Lucky and me was barely in our teens.
I'm sharing a card which uses one stamp only. I chose the Calla Lily from the now defunct PSX company, but these stamps can still be found on various outlets.
So, we decided not to heed the warning of “residents only” -- those poor welfare kings and queens of Palo Alto have spent too long living off the government subsidized open space, and like the libertarian warrior that I am, I blazed through the park gates and hit the trails.
Blogging has not been my strong suit lately! Looks like I have not made a post in over a month. Sorry!
In fact that transformation is evident within the remix itself as slowly the vocals fade and become less prominent within the track, giving way instead to the keys and the almost Cut/Copy-esque percussion.
Dissolve gelatin in cold water. Take rest of the ingredients in a small sauce pan and cook just until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat, allow to cool for a while and stir in the dissolved gelatin. Allow to cool completely.
But I'm not here to talk about phone providers, I'm here to talk about electricity providers. See, with the change in phone provider came two calls from telemarketers. The second was from the Fraternal Order of Police, and since I like living dangerously I sent him packing with a flea in his ear.
I can get the traffic source for visits to my blog. I’m sure you can do the same. Check yours, as I just paid a visit to your latest rant concerning your latest last attack of paranoia. No, I didn’t bother reading it. I’m not interested in adding any more lunacy to my existance, but I just wanted to give you a point of reference to confirm for you that I’m not Joan.
I have shared this on my Facebook page as well since the friends who follow me on Facebook are different from the Blogger ones. The link is here.
There is in Soldiers of Salamis, a war novel by Javier Cercas, a striking scene at the beginning of the third and final part of the book. A journalist named Javier Cercas (yes, it was one of those books where writers name the protagonist after themselves) was asked by his publisher to do some interviews with "people of some prominence" who emigrated to Spain, one of which was the Chilean novelist Roberto Bolaño (yes, again). On the strength of a series of well-received novels in the 1990s, Bolaño - pithily described as having "that unmistakable air of a hippy peddler that afflicted so many Latin-Americans of his generation exiled in Europe" - was getting more famous and notorious in the Latin American literary scene. He was 47 years old at the time of Cercas's visit, and he just won a "considerable literary prize" (most likely the Rómulo Gallegos Prize for the best Spanish language novel, for Los detectives salvajes).
For those of you who haven’t rag tied and curled your hair – you jsut get some rags and roll your hair around it, then tie it. For me and my sudden inspiration I cut up a pair of pajama pants, then set about curling it all up. It is a great look as you can see ( it gets better trust me), then you just fall asleep. Something I am very good at, so good that I over slept. I woke up at 7.30 and had to untie them all (something a bit tricky when you are still half asleep) so I could deal with this lovely looking thing.
In my last post I mentioned I had made a cake for my friends's Sister's 18th Birthday well I think for my 1st attempt at any kind of cake it came out reasonably good and as I was at the party I had people comin up all nite saying how good it looked and tasted so here is a picture and your comments are greatly appreciated thanks mandy xx
Want to join the grow-your-own food movement but just don’t know where to start? Don’t fear. Spring is here and it’s the perfect time to start growing delicious foods right where you live. Why not begin with foods that are nearly fail-proof? Here are my top 5 foods to grow at home whether you have a lot of space or just a sunny window. A spot with six hours or more of sunlight is all you need to Do Your Part for fresher foods.
Once your colors are mixed, add water a teaspoon at a time to thin it for flooding. Stir the water in with a rubber spatula, rather than beating it. Hold your rubber spatula over the bowl and let some icing fall back into the bowl. The ribbon of icing should disappear into the rest of the icing in about 2-3 seconds, counting "one-one thousand, two-one thousand."
Not long after the irrational engine shut down after its initial use, Loup-garou's navigator knew there was a problem. The irrational physicists assigned to the ship scratched their heads and huddled together, exchanging phrases and concepts which sounded like gibberish to the rest of the crew. Days later, after an intense meeting with the tired, frustrated, and still irrational physicists, Tars Tarkas, experiencing an emotional kinship with the captain of the Terran sailing ship Flying Dutchman, reluctantly announced to the crew that the original mission parameters were no longer applicable and that they were in for a long haul.
Fast Company yesterday published what it claims to be additional “lost interviews” of the late Steve Jobs, Apple’s former CEO and co-founder. These interviews cover a good deal of the time when Jobs was at Pixar, which is not as well known as his presence at Apple, Inc. was. As you very well may know, Jobs purchased Lucasfilm’s computer graphics division in 1986 and renamed it “Pixar”, which later became well-known for its spectacular animated pictures.
I tried a chamomile and peppermint tea before bed, to replace the normal cup of tea that I couldn’t face without milk, and it was great.
He was due to return home for R&R in April.
Nile crocodiles are colourblind, they can't see blue,
Coren writes:
And we are gonna have a performance by The Fabulous Cats! :) the event starts at 8pm-11pm but there'll be dinner served from 7am-8am.
OKAY SPOILERS BELOW THIS IMAGE ABOUT THE DEATH IN THE MOVIE.
the next day we woke up, had breakfast and headed back to the airport for another long day of traveling, we got home around 8pm!
Note. The weighting of these three metrics will change over time. In the first year, early action will count for 100% of your organisation’s league table score. The early action metric will gradually fade in importance until the absolute and growth metrics receive 75% and 25% weightings respectively in 2014/15 and thereafter.
Children dear, let us away.
As a customer service manager you may be actually running two customer service departments instead of just one and not even know it.
I ask him if he has been doing this for years. It looks as if he has, he looks very practised and in control. He looks as if he is so used to doing this that it has become part of who he is. He looks quietly competent, the kind of person you would trust to hold the sea together, not let it fly apart, but keep the threads held in his hand, hold them in his fist, and knot together any frayed ends, knot them in the way he knots the rope that keeps the boat beside the
Cut fillets into serving size portions if they are large. Cover grill grate with aluminum foil. Spray the foil with nonstick pan spray, or brush lightly with oil or butter. Place the fillets on the foil over medium heat. Combine the rest of the ingredients and baste fish with a brush. Cook about 4 inches from heat for 8-10 minutes. Turn with a spatula and baste again, cooking for an additional 5-7 minutes or until fish flakes with fork.
We landed in Amsterdam and caught the railtrain from the airport to town. It was ‘Queen’s Day’ (a bit like our Independence Day, it was explained to us) – a national holiday. The streets were full of Clemson Orange (although they tried to convince us that this had something to do with their Queen.)
Often the “desires of the sinful nature” and the acts of the sinful nature are equated only with sexual immorality. Paul’s list starts with that category. And that was undoubtedly a real problem in the Galatian churches. All churches seem to be plagued to some degree with sexual immorality. But it is likely that Paul began there because he knew that most of the church would quickly condemn those who were guilty of sexual immorality and yet consider themselves “safe,” since they had performed the “works of the law” by getting circumcised (5:2) and observing special days (4:10). Paul then turns to these “lawkeeping” Christians and gives them a long list of flagrant acts of the sinful nature which they had committed. This is something like the story of the woman caught in adultery (Jn 8:1-11). The teachers of the law were ready to stone her. But Jesus said that only those without sin could stone her. Then he began to write on the ground. What he wrote we don’t know. But those teachers of the law were convicted of their own sin and left her.
The four princes making up what they call the League of Princes are Prince Liam (Sleeping Beauty's Prince Charming), Prince Frederic (Cinderella's Prince Charming), Prince Duncan (Snow White's Prince Charming), and Prince Gustav (Rapunzel's Prince Charming). The girls became famous in the tales as they swept through the land, while the princes were demoted to a mere "Prince Charming." And Happily Ever After isn't what you expect, either. Sleeping Beauty, for example, is horribly vain and not fun to be around. Cinderella, on the other hand, is one of my favorite characters in the entire book. She's a spit-fire. She didn't escape life with her stepmother and stepsisters only to be holed up in a castle for the rest of her life. She wants adventure, she needs to explore. She goes off on a journey and Prince Frederic, who has been sheltered his entire life, goes off to find her. Along the way, he meets his merry band of Prince Charmings, and together they encounter trolls and dragons and Bandit Kings intent on destroying them creating a fun, fast-paced adventure sure to please all ages, especially upon discovering a dastardly witch's plot to steal the land's bards and slaughter any hero who comes to save the day.
It’s that time of the quarter, midterms are finally here! Midterms, unlike finals, have nothing going for them. After you take a midterm you are then sentenced to 5 more weeks of hw and then finals pay you a visit soon after. When your done with finals you can at least look forward to some type of break.
Gerry Barker is no longer associated with the Guelph Mercury. His column Between the Lines has been running regularly in the paper for five years.
As gratifying as it may seem to come out the other side with this seemingly brilliant decision after racking our brains, I think we do it because making an easy decision somehow doesn’t feel right.
13. La Perche 1
The kids roasted marshmallows, ate chocolate and Owen froze. He couldn't wait to go back to the cabin and get warm again.
As an adult I visited an elephant sanctuary in Sri-Lanka and was moved by the close relationship between the elephant keepers – the Mahouts – as they cared for, washed, bathed and splashed in the water with their ‘own’ special elephants. It was not until I saw a family of elephants playing in their natural element – water – that I began to really appreciate what noble and extraordinary creatures they are. Seeing how tiny their keepers are, some of them as young as thirteen, made me realise that it is the elephants who decide to be gentle with their human keepers. They are in charge.
its not really enough, but we truly mean it.
Prepare the whipped cream to froth the egg with two tablespoons of sugar, add brandy and cocoa powder. Mix with care to remove the dough.
15 E.O. No. 292.
Scroll down past Alex for the answer
“I didn’t.” It came out in a whispered groan. “I’m sorry.”
EOH: The House’s Office of Congressional Ethics charges against you were initially made more than one year ago. Why are they just being made public now?
Apologies for the lack of posting folks, but recently things have been rather busy at Mordue Brewery. On top of the seemingly endless hours of racking, brewing, washing casks, sorting out brew schedules, rescheduling brew schedules and so forth has come the risks of utility and ingredient shortages and the burden of watching over so many fermentations. Why do they come to me to die? Why do they come to me to die? For the last few sundays now (the only day I'm not working around 12 hours) I have felt unable to do hardly anything at all but sit slightly traumatised for most of the day within a fantasy world of lying on a reclining chair sipping camomile tea in a Japanese garden with no sound but that of the running water features.
My father also “grabbed a cape.” He invested in the lives of students by setting aside and raising “seed money” to help educate students that otherwise couldn’t afford that opportunity. In 1985, my parents flew to Rio de Janeiro to spend Christmas with me. At that time I was earning a Master’s Degree in International Business at The University of South Caroline and was assigned to work at an international company in Rio as an intern. My father was president of Palm Beach Atlantic University (then college). During brunch, my father started a conversation with Edson who was waiting tables. Edson had grown up in a favela, or rather one of the shanty towns made of cardboard houses on the hills of Rio. A few days later, my dad offered Edson a full scholarship to Palm Beach Atlantic University. However, my father told Edson that he must pay his own way to get to Florida. My father knew the importance of a student personally investing in his/her own future to ensure commitment. After a few years, Edson raised enough money to get to Florida and not only attended undergraduate school at PBAU but also earned an MBA there. After a successful career, Edson returned to Rio where he now helps educate children living in the favelas. Education truly levels the playing field and empowers children with hope for a future. Learn more about that here.
I enjoyed the opportunity to try out the Private Selection brand of frozen foods and will likely use them again.
That's it for my sweet little project tonight. Hope you enjoyed your visit.
I am told that righting a tipped boat is a fairly easy procedure. One person raises the mast/sail on the front of the tipped boat while another person puts his/her full weight on the daggerboard in back. The leverage makes the boat stand upright.
I'm pretty sure I have my major plot line figured out. I'm changing genres on this one and look forward to the challenge that will bring. My plot line involves normal people finding themselves in a 'magical' place. But it's not a 'magic' book, nor a 'magic' story. Well..... kind of.
You know the game you play with a two year old where you point to an object and say "what's this?" encouraging their correct reply? Well, Addie played that game with me this morning. She held up a (clean) diaper to me, showing me the picture, and said "Mom, what dis? I replied "Monkey" to which she replied "wight, m m m monkey!" She says a lot of her words repeating the beginning sound, not like a stutter, but like she's already working on her phonics. :)
Hard to say – but one thing is clear to me – this is good stuff!
NDC
1 x (2214)Oriental Super Ring = 1.60
Glues: Tombow Mono Glue Stick and Mono Dots
Father, as your child in Jesus I desire to be totally an instrument for Your Kingdom to manifest through my life. I desire to receive your Promise of the Holy Spirit to those who believe. Jesus, my Savior and King, baptize me in the Holy Spirit so that the power of your resurrection will work in me and transform me according to your will. Holy Spirit, empower me and fill me to overflowing. I hold nothing back from you. Work your gifts in me and through me so that the Father’s Kingdom may be manifested in and through my life. I ask this in Jesus’ mighty Name. Amen!
But the elves, in their moment of glory, suddenly abandon the field of victory and sail off forever. In The Lord of the Rings, the noble elves, having accomplished their mission of aiding the West to defeat Mordor, graciously depart, knowing that the future belongs to men.
if you do not already have friends who like to play computer games, then scanning through gaming forums on the internet is another way to get good and cheap deals for used laptop. Internet makes it easy for you to do this. Go to google.com and start searching for gaming forums. Visit each and everyone and see if they have a Trading Section. You will definitely find many posts from gamers looking to sell their gaming laptops.
Aparently it’s good for allsorts of stomach complaints including stomach upsets, indigestion etc.
beauty, and chocolate.
41. Women consuming even one cup/150mg of caffeine per day are 7 times more likely to suffer from PMS.
A.J. Ashworth (UK) – Somewhere Else of Even Here
First and foremost, we can expect smart phones to take over almost all other mobile devices within 2012. The adverting industry is expected to get its bearings on mobile in the upcoming year especially when mobile now has a partner in crime- the tablet. Between smart phones and tablets, consumers are engaging with brands on the go 24/7 with larger screens, interactive touch screen capability and high-speed connections almost everywhere.
the collision and ferment of curious minds,
He could never be alone
I hear voices from this land, and I see images of people from this land and they are real.
Form of Government Parliamentary democracy
there might be hope for today after all.
86) Hey, are you one of those chicks who goes out with guys right off the bat? ‘Cause that’s what I’m looking for.
Got my Oxfam gift catalogue recently. Bought a few things for some people I know who don't need anything bought for them and are delighted to have something bought on their behalf for people in places where they really do need things.
The next morning, the phone rang about 7am. It was my dad. He said "she left us this morning about 5"
an honest woman out of Adam.
Our normal time portal, the Minnesota Renaissance Festival actually celebrated its 40th anniversary this past summer. We missed it, being stuck on the East Coast for the time being.
Unlike the previous generation, he doesn’t have the capacity for long-term revenge – maybe because he knows he’s not long for the world.
The key to successful yogurt-making is maintaining a constant lukewarm temperature, from 100°F to 110°F, for 4 to 10 hours. Because slow cookers aren’t designed to only make yogurt, temperatures may vary from slow cooker to slow cooker and unless you slow cooker has a warm setting, it will probably be too hot. However, you can still use your slow cooker to make yogurt. Place your milk mixture in the slow cooker and heat on the low setting for about 2 or 3 hours. Turn off the slow cooker. Stir in your starter. Replace the lid and cover the slow cooker with a heavy towel. Do not turn your slow cooker back on. Let sit for about 8 hours and you have yogurt. Be sure to refrigerate the finished yogurt for about 2 hours before using.
1 important
Grease a 20cm springform cake tin and line the base with baking parchment. Preheat the oven to 200°C.
This week I feel like I made some decent progress. I've been working on scrap projects and haven't actually purchased fabric in quite a while. I don't have a fabric stash per se, but I had accumulated a fair amount of scraps over the last year or so since I started quilting. And now I'm feeling pretty good that I have depleted the majority of my scraps and will be looking to start something "from scratch" pretty soon. :)
i do not even know myself
When you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day,
I love how CABIN doesn’t back off this point, as at the end of the movie a giant hand of an Ancient One crashes up through the facility and destroys the cabin, signalling bad days ahead for humanity. While there’s plenty of allusions to other horror movies, CABIN doesn’t depend on the conventions of the genre the way the SCREAM franchise does. The largely unknown cast college kids (this movie was filmed prior to Hemsworth getting cast as Thor) are all good, but the real joy of CABIN comes from Richard Jenkins and Bradley Whitford, and the frequent cuts away from the cabin to check in with the technicians and scientists. Director Goddard masterfully switches back and forth, and reveals the deeper story of the Ancient Ones slowly.
The background is Evergreen Bough Distress ink (This is one of my favorites-it's one of his seasonal three pack inks) and various brown distress inks with clear embossing powder. I also used Pink Paislee's new line, "Spring Jubilee" paper, rub-ons, and chipboard. The doily is Sizzix's Tim Holtz on the edge Tattered Doily. The music stamp is from Glitz. I guess I should now go back to the beginning and create tags from the previous days!
A hard week (and weekend) left me sitting on the kitchen counter at midnight while consuming between myself and my roommate two bottles of wine as our aggravated minds took us all over the realms of reality and fantasy before bringing us back into our house. Slightly inebriated from alcohol and rather drunk from hopes and frustrations, we two hatched a plan before heading off to bed. I was a little too restless to sleep, so I paced the house a bit before sitting on the couch, pulling the blanket over me, and falling asleep.
she hunkers captivated, squints
Ten years. Now that we are in college together, I know that we can make it for life.
Hate having all those kitchen utensils take up valuable real estate in your kitchen drawers? Make your own utensil caddy. These can be crafted from a variety of items you probably have stuffed in a closet or cabinet somewhere. Aluminum cans with labels removed and painted can be used to accommodate a variety of kitchen items. Need something larger? How about painting and decorating an old coffee tin?
to which quite a few pages could be given.
How much bodily space do you need?
The butter fly "buttrfly" is cut at 1", I cut two and one of them I used my Cuttlebug embossing folder "Textile Textures" then rubbed a bit of pink ink over the embossed. I bent the wings up just a bit, then glued the center to to second butterfly.
Please come back to me
I've read a handful of the Anne books--one of my favorite books of all time is Anne of the Island--but my love of PEI came from the Disney TV series Avonlea
The “10-suiter” was easy to build: four suites each on the upper two floors with a central corridor, staircases at both ends, two “basement” suites facing the front a half floor below grade, with the boiler, laundry, and storage lockers occupying two suites’ worth of space at the back (some managed to squeeze a small manager’s unit into a back corner). Each suite (click to enlarge floorplan, right) had windows on two sides and shared a single common wall—typically the bedroom wall. Depending on the tenants, the buildings were comfortably quiet or horrid, as you could hear everything through the thin walls and ceilings, especially the clack-clack of high heels.
They’re searching for one fair day—a day where the good guy wins and everything adds up to something just and right. Their destination: Langdon, a town that Destiny’s unsuspecting companions hope will hold simply a day of fun. But, as Destiny says, “Things are not always what they seem.” Only she knows that Langdon holds far more than that—a deep secret she has never shared with anyone.
Here are some highlights from the survey:
RUN and HIDE!
I mean it in jest, with playfulness and affection. (In fact, let’s be honest – nobody on earth feels as much goodwill and admiration towards the Brits as us Yanks. We’re unabashed fans). And yet, my cheekiness is also an inadvertent shot fired across a proverbial bow. It’s a little bit of Lexington and Concord all over again.
The other non-German sellers include an interesting Dutch invention of a Netherlands based electro technical company, Wolters Engineering, for a reuse of paper waste. And belief it or not, who thought Chinese only copy are mistaken, a real Chinese patent is being sold for pharmaceutical wastewater treatment. Sounds like something the Chinese seller could license in China quite successfully (aren’t we hearing about massive pollution issues in China?). Why buying, if even the Chinese patent owner rather sells his patent than to enforce its own invention nationwide?
Other things Omri can do:
(Our youngest girl's handwriting skills are coming along rather slowly.)
For as in Adam all die, *
What are some other signs you all can think of? And do you disagree with any of these? If you do, it’s probably one of the ones a guy friend told me…. just sayin’ lol.
“That damn book was fifty bucks!” he exclaimed.
I just wanted to take a moment to wish each of you a Merry Christmas and also for everyone who celebrates during this season in a different way - Happy Holidays!
Good evening,managed to get a card done for a few challenges last night. I've been dying to join in with some of the challenges for a while but just been so busy with christmas cards I just have'nt been able to but I am nearly at the end of my list so I thought I'd take time out to make a card for a challenge eventhough it's another christmas card lol.
For each letter I’ve created a handwriting/poem sheet. We read the poem together, highlight the letter Ii’s in the poem, and then finger-trace how to make the letters. Then we trace the letters with either a crayon or chunky pencil.
Is cornering me to the edge of this cliff
From selected, stony vineyard sites (pierrets/stones) that suit the minerality of Riesling.
The costs of the National government’s profligacy are going to be borne by people my age. But there is a major issue here – people my age are in no way going to be earning the sorts of incomes that can handle the enormous tax increases necessary.
First let’s look at Wikipedia:
Harold collects little known baseball facts like the Smithsonian collects dead things—the more obscure the better. And thanks to Harold, whatever he knows, I know it too. When he learns a new fact, he can’t wait to tell me. He especially likes to tell me about errors that professional ballplayers would like to forget—but history books and the internet keeps immortal. I know its Harold’s way of trying to cheer me up, but after I’ve made a colossal error in one of my games, I don’t really appreciate hearing about Bill Buckner’s or Fred Snodgrass’s game-losing errors.
Gregory: the economy is getting better
HFAA (Historical Fiction Addicts, Anonymous)
I will note that it is, at times, melancholy, but very introspective.
A finer point: The performer in question may have been part of a group that debuted before 2004 and only later went solo. Also, a singer must have debuted as a vocalist by 2004 and does not qualify if they debuted as an instrumentalist in a band and only began singing lead vocals after 2004.
Endeavour Health, which was set up by two hedge fund advisers, claims to be Britain’s first comprehensive GP network, offering access to the best doctors and the opportunity to beat NHS queues and have appointments at any time they want. Endeavour Health was founded last year by two financial advisers, Briton Yadin Shemmer and American Jonathan Weiss, to
On the way to pick them up, I kept telling Mr. Jenny, "I'm excited but I don't want to be excited. They are still going to look stupid and freaky. Stupid and freaky purple glasses with rhinestones. What was I thinking?"
The most obvious of these details is Pathologic’s colour palette, a thin wash of lifeless browns and grays. The most subversive of the details is the music, a relentless, natural-industrial track which never stops breathing down your neck and changes from area to area. The most effective of these details is the children. Pathologic’s intro cinematic is three kids holding a mock funeral for a tattered stuffed animal. It’s got nothing to do with anything, but it does kind of set the tone for the whole game. The children of Pathologic are everywhere, and, as I mentioned above, they’re largely abandoned.
No news: it is not clear why NAMA sold the property at this time and didn’t wait for a recovery in prices. Given that the IMF was urging the agency to dispose of assets sooner rather than later and with rumours of an IMF staff member permanently occupying a desk in NAMA’s offices at Treasury Building, perhaps the final decision to sell was not NAMA’s to make…
The only reason I'm selling an autograph of the greatest receiver of all time, is because I have two other autographs of him (one on a mini helmet with Joe Montana, and one in person on my Hall of Fame Football). Card looks a lot better than the scans shows.
My digital's batteries went out when I started the recipe so I had to bust out my spring scale. Definitely not nearly as accurate as a digital or a balance scale - but you have to be resourceful with what you have!
Tip Nine–Ask. And Then Ask Again!
I truly believe you can’t be wrong picking one of these players over the other, but I will give the edge right now to James. The one big argument against LeBron is the fact that he doesn’t have a ring, but he is only 27 and Jordan didn’t have one yet either. Jordan won his first ring at age 28 and we regard him as the best to ever do it. I’m just saying take some time to appreciate what you’re watching, rather than find ways to criticize it. LeBron should and will go down as one of the best of all-time. He has a lot of time to win numerous championships and score a lot more points. He is one of the most criticized athletes of all-time and still he continues to put up big numbers. James has not yet finished in the playoffs, but he is still great and that sometimes unfortunately gets overlooked. On the other hand, Kobe Bryant deserves all of the accolades he receives. Bryant is a once in a generation type player that has an outstanding resume on the basketball court. It is an honor to watch both of these players play and you can’t go wrong by picking one over the other.
Long wait for parties
Here's the first of them.
So far, 2 lbs lost.
Next up was the 3-door Amish cabinet Dan bought.
The funny thing is though, I do the opposite in life. Albeit with people, not books. It's easy for me to cast aside a person rather than finish a conversation I'm supposed to have with them.
Your disease made it so hard to keep up;
“We’ve seen some encouraging efforts to combat the world’s climate crisis in the past few years.
truth, there will be an almost overnight shift in the fear powered
505 Flower has these glowing yellow and blue walls near their escalators, and, truth be told, they’re kinda cool and kinda hideous at the same time. Three years ago, I got a picture with my friend Heather in front of the wall, and it’s a terrible photo. It was taken at 1am, and there’s nothing I like about it, and that what makes it a perfect ‘Before’ photo!
Inside, the bar is a fusion of neon beer signs, tinted lights, and cigarette smoke. The booths are like something from the 1950s.
Next I am hoping for is the option to use GRASS layers with SAGA modules (or other non-GRASS tools). This is not yet implemented but the creator of the plugin has indicated he will add this later.
My soul crying out without my head leading it to.
i had completely forgotten it the whole day and i felt horrible!
It may come as a shock to those who want to micromanage our lifestyles, but drinkers, smokers and lovers of fast food are not stupid. We’ve got the message that fags, booze and all the other wicked little pleasures are bad for us. The real reason that people engage in moderately unhealthy behaviours like these – so mildly unhealthy that we have to do them often and regularly over the course of decades to cause us serious harm – is that we enjoy them. We balance the long-term risks against short-term pleasure. That’s a far more sophisticated understanding of what it means to live life well than these grey and miserable latter-day Puritans could ever manage.There is far more to life than just minimising every perceived risk. And the Puritans are surprisingly quiet when it comes to sport, most forms of which involve entirely avoidable risks to life and limb.
and more CDs from the different areas and varieties of style.
+ SHA STIMULI – The Wire Mixtape
The most powerful chambering commonly used by both hunters and soldiers, is the .300 winchester magnum, which fires a bullet between 160gr and 220gr at somewhere arounf 3000 feet per second, and somewhere around 4,000 ftlbs of energy.
Nationalism “ loyalty and devotion to a nation; especially : a sense of national consciousness exalting one nation above all others and placing primary emphasis on promotion of its culture and interests as opposed to those of other nations or supranational groups” describes Webster.
5. Repeat above steps until you have made as many as you want.
City Island is at the north end of the Bronx in New York City. For people who live in the Bronx, City Island is like leaving the urban streets and being transported to a harbor town like you find in Maine. It's a small seaport town with a gazillion seafood restaurants along the main street. At many of these restaurants, you can sit outside and have a view of the water and the boats. It's beautiful and at night, it's magical. It's a very popular place for dates because the atmosphere can be so romantic.
Ans: Down to the wire. Cracked by Vineet.
As the co-owner of the town's only kennel, Lilah Young has good reason to be distracted behind the wheel – there are puppies, a piglet, and a duck in her Jeep. But she doesn't find it hard to focus on the sexy, gorgeous stranger she's collided with.
I think the Victorian aspect and also cinematography in general are nice. In terms of how bad... In my opinion the acting is truly terrible, the story is unoriginal, and it's quite cheesy too.... But hey it wasn't so bad that I ran out (although I did sneak out for an extended ice-cream break) Scott is a huge John Cusack fan and I write a neo-Victorian blog, so despite the bad reviews and general misgivings we settled in for 111 minutes of an Edgar Allan Poe-inspired horror film.
I bought a juicy hunk of corn on the cob from a street stand and for the first time managed to ask for it in Chinese without soliciting nothing but a puzzled expression.
This book was unlike any other Stephen King book I've read. The first few chapters build the case for going back into the past and once Jake gets there I was hooked. The story of his life in the Land of Ago made me smile, it made me cry, and it left me on the edge of my seat wanting more. The book is so descriptive that I felt like I was there in 1958 with him.
According to the program’s explanation, our “messy eating” were to cheat our body’s metabolism process. Here we need to understand that our metabolism would act according to how we have been eating fat and how we start to eating slim…etc.
Step up
The panel-shaped LRAD is mounted onto steerable gimbals and said to be far more efficient than a normal loudspeaker.
Unfortunately, it is a most suitable beginning for a theory that has gone on to become one of the longest-running social scares of all time. Since its inception, the IPGC – composed of thousands of scientists from around the globe who allegedly represent the unbiased “consensus” on gravity – has used the theory of gravity to keep people the world over in a state of constant fear of falling to the ground. Even where people have learned to take courage and go about their daily lives without cowering in the shadow of the gravity scare, flawed research has been used to inflate fears that gravitational attraction might cause an asteroid or other celestial object to collide with the Earth (some have proposed that such an event wiped out the dinosaurs, an obviously ridiculous claim given the fact that dinosaur bones, even if they weren’t placed in the earth by Satan in order to fool people into believing the earth is older than its roughly six thousand years, are clearly the remains of creatures drowned in the Old Testament flood). Through manipulating this fear and working with policymakers to exploit the public, scientists have appropriated countless millions to purportedly investigate this non-existent problem and forward their insidious agenda of social control. LIGO merely represents the latest product of this corrupt system.
Short stories up to 5,000 words and flash fiction up to 500 words are being accepted for Battlespace an anthology of military science fiction.
Santa Jr. ... Hallmark Channel ... 10 AM
I for some reason thought I should pack my day as full as possible. We finished dinner around 9 and Matt left to play poker with his friends and I headed to Salem for the midnight showing of Breaking Dawn with my awesome cousins Joy and Shannon and of course Jenny and Libby! We have seen them all together and it just gets better every time. Love you girls!!! And apparently Libby needs a blog. :)
This is a TWO-Day hop so, be sure to catch both days for maximum celebration and ideas. As we spring forward with the time change as well as with Spring coming so soon...let's get this party started! Hop on over to all the blogs along the way!
She jerked her head up. “What? No. Hell no.”
I just read a report listing the top car breakdowns in Arizona and I can vouch for them that these are the top five problems when a vehicle is towed to our shop.
Instead of restrictive.
ALEX BRUMMER: James Murdoch falls to earth at Sky 02/04/12
But there was still that nagging problem. Ever since spring of my senior year, I’d felt blocked every time I tried to write. I knew what I wanted to say, but I couldn’t do it. I could see that the result wasn’t ideal, and I knew I was capable of doing better. Yet I couldn’t. I got the same sorts of comments on my papers: great ideas, but the writing needs work. I was normally a good writer, which helped me to excel in English.
1. Love Hurts
They can check for the vehicles safety and reliability.
The Darkness has awakened. And it is hungry.
I just finished reading Sarah's Key. Today. While Kaden was napping. When I should have been doing laundry. Don't judge me
Besides, I have promises to keep.”
59. The Blind Side (Sandra Bullock)
So let's see .... what else is new??? Hmmmmm .....
It may be at the bottom of the pile in the photo above but this graphic novel is right at the top of my books of the year. If you want to read a graphic novel that truly uses pictures to tell a story that words wouldn't have been able to then this book is perfect. The story of a boy using swimming to help treat curvature of the spine is all about body-language, gesture and movement. There's hardly any text and yet volumes are spoken in Vives' exquisitely drawn panels, with the underwater environment particularly well presented, you can almost smell the chlorine. Like reading a perfect short story it is enigmatic, moving and left me with a warm glow in my heart.
MOM: It’s gonna come back up.
4 T light soy sauce
Totally Tots has a complete collection of both upper and lower case alphabet crafts. This is one of my favorite as I think it turned out adorable. It is an Egg for the lowercase letter e.
However, as the Opposition in Malaysia (not sure about other places), they must see loopholes here and there. At least in Malaysia, the Politics does not allow you to admit the good side of your opponent, regardless you are the government or opposition. That is politics in our beloved country. Therefore, on Saturday and the following days after the presentations, many comments were made via blogs and their medias on how bad the budget is. The Malaysian Insider reported “Bajet Pilihanraya” & Malaysiakini said “Bajet Gagal Zahirkan MEB, ETP“
god knows the number of times that the jolly old fibonacci got restarted you would think that i would get the hang of it but it was like something new each time this due to the generous intervention of the non-anaesthetic chemical sedation several hours previously one one two three five eight et cetera
Four: Accessories (candles, vases, flowers, collections, Objet d’art) that fabulously fill dining tables, buffets and consoles, all need to be moved when the table is in use. That is, if you want to verily converse, eat, study or serve food. I know, I know. They’re for aesthetic beauty. And gorgeous these settings are. But, when ‘form’ has to bow to the ‘function’ part of life, where does one deposit these items? I am guessing that after inspiring an ensemble ten or twelve times a month, one might determine to live outside the pages of glam in favor of time and effort conservation. How can we have our cake and eat it too? Or in this case, have our cake and serve it too?
Temple University has about 39,000 students and less than half live on or near campus. Yet Temple University resists the cultural emptiness from which most commuter schools suffer. Why? It’s likely because Temple’s culture is out in its streets, encouraging students to stick around and get involved. At the front of this line, whether they know it or not, are Temple’s food trucks.
Thank you sooo much for stopping by!! :)
The album "Sleepdrunk Seasons" will be released in France in January, but was released in January 2008 in Iceland and can already be downloaded internationally.
The designer paper is from Oct Afternoon. The lace
I know my mother is concerned about my future but I really wish she would just stop and accept my life as it is.
2. How To Do Your Other Make-up - The general rule of thumb when wearing red lipstick is to keep all your other make up quite simple as the red lips will already draw attention to your face. The classiest way to acheive this look is to apply a slick of black eyeliner near the lash line and apply two coats of mascara (or falsies) and ta da Hollywood glamour!
I will miss our local market and I will relish the memory (and tastes!) of all the various markets we have either stumbled across in our travels or made a point of visiting.
But yes. I really do weep for humanity. In particular, the youth of today.
mother’s quiet call seeped into her consciousness. Despite the miles between them, her mother’s probing mind reached hers, long-tentacled thoughts grasping and prodding for a hold. Melusine blocked her mother out and sighed.
If the UN wants to support the ending of oppressive regimes its money would be better spent translating and disseminating literature on effective nonviolent resistance to oppressed people around the world. The spread of weapons and violence will never bring peace, for they are antithetical.
I would work with the people and encourage free trade, and try to set a standard here where countries in Central America or South America or any place in the world would want to emulate us and set the standards that we have. Unfortunately, sometimes we slip up on our standards and we go around the world and we try to force ourselves on others.
just nothing to share yet.
For the other friends in other departments: Macky, Gil, Ava, Mam Susan, Kuya Jeff, Kuya Cennon, Blood Center people, Mommy Arlyn Banks, Michael, Al, Adrian, Sir Benjie, Nathan, Sir Benjo. My heartfelt gratefulness to you all!
Well... except it's another day that I get to spend with my family, they mean EVERYTHING to me!
This sentence doesn't actually say anything. It uses metaphors that don't apply to anything in the book (cards), introduces a character not in the query (a killer) and tries to set up tension...there's no tension in flabby sentences.
wholly ravished then discarded heart:
What about those businessmen who cynically exploit Christmas for commercial gain? In this fallen world, there will always be people looking for a way to make a buck. The question is how that energy is channeled. The sort of guy who is looking to make the quick buck could be spending his time in far more destructive activities than trying to dream up the toy that every kid will beg his parents for next Christmas. This is one example of the famous compliment that vice pays to virtue. Because Christmas is about gift-giving, the businessman can't appeal to the consumer's own temptations or selfish desires; he's got to convince him that what he is selling is what someone else might like. In other words, the businessman, in order to make a profit, has got to get the consumer thinking about other people than himself.
Polly Jean
Earrings are very hour Frequently as a process, a bouquet of flowers both typical and h frequently also vanish at last Be. A question that you give parents that she PERFORMING for a long time and also not to forget the woman’s son or daughter, what the people who sent him to help his people, as a Hermes handbag, that Victoria is a treasure. An individual type of gift that anyone has to offer on this special occasion, or even special Mothering Sunday and / or M marriage Girl is actually a pocket. S well R, a good case can appear as well H too Frequently, but due to the current expansion in the concept image, k You can pictures of almost all kinds of things to use. In those days, Hermes handbags constant, k You can copy all the pix you au To go OUTSIDE of your pocket. This bag is specifically your camera bag. By using this type of option, you have the M Opportunity, change the product to your bag of mother.
The boys will be at their daddys and mummy can have some mummy time
Fishin' in the dirt, in our redneck back yard with piles of discarded wood and demolition refuse.
hw_test: don't know If tested for heartworm or results.
Centennial Ipa
I am in a better place, although I'm still fragile. I have made some connections for support. And we're going to take things a little slower in therapy.
Make sure children are inside before dusk, and stay inside until after dawn.
Mr. Selznick has produced wonderful work in the past. This time he's done something that is very good. If only he hadn't spoiled us with The Invention of Hugo Cabret.
the first moulding I took off? was around the ceiling, to get those disgusting tiles off of my coveted beadboard ceilings...All of the original moulding to this house is 1x4 Jack Pine...the stuff I took off the ceiling? it is newer, probably from the 50's..when they installed the drywall...it was so brittle, it cracked and broke too and most of it was beyond saving...the trim in the living room is original, it had never been taken off, there wasn't one scrap of paint or wall paper behind it...
Have you ever been in a occasion and go out involving custom business cards? You can follow-up afterward through including an electric one out of e-mail.
Today there is an underlying fear of homosexuality and what constitutes ‘normal’ sexual behaviour has been narrowly and rigidly defined.
Are you?
The Amelia Peabody series begins with Crocodile on the Sandbank. An inheritance allows thirty-two-year-old Amelia to leave Victorian England and explore Egypt. With her companion, Evelyn, she travels up the Nile in search of adventure. The women pair up with the Emerson brothers who are excavating archeological sites. Like Rider Haggard (who is referred to at various points in the narrative, e.g. 139, 182), Peters chooses an African setting for her action-packed adventure tale. Suspense mounts as a mysterious mummy haunts the camp, and someone tries to kidnap and murder one of the adventurers.
Ok, not really, but a loads of WORK.
Note to new mommies- Tanya offers a special mom-package and “baby barre” classes at the studio!
And that's that!
Thanks for reading this first part, and feel free to leave comments, queries, or any other feedback in the Comments section. To receive an e-mail notification when the next post in the series is published, use the “Follow Blog via Email” link in the sidebar.
Jonjo O’Neill (born April 13, 1952) was a highly successful jump jockey and has established himself at the top of the training ranks. In spite of an appalling list of injuries, he was champion jockey twice (1977/78 and 1979/80), and he set a then record for a season of 149 winners in his first championship year. The most sensational moment of his riding career came when he won the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Dawn Run in 1986 as the mare became the only horse to win that trophy after having previously taken the Champion Hurdle (1984), again with O’Neill in the saddle. He also won the Gold Cup on Alverton in 1979, though he had a dreadful record in the Grand National, in which he never completed the course in spite of having eight rides. He retired from the saddle at the end of the 1985/86 season and, having survived lymphatic cancer not long after that, started training near Penrith, Cumbria, in 1987. He forged a reputation with horses such as Vicario Di Bray, winner of the 1989 Champion Hurdle Trial at Haydock, and Legal Right, who landed the Grade Three Tripleprint Gold Cup at Cheltenham in 1999 and went on to capture the BGC Silver Cup at Ascot as well as the Grade Two Tommy Whittle Chase. He moved to his present base at Jackdaws Castle in Gloucestershire, not far from Cheltenham, when the yard was bought by owner J P McManus in 2001. In 2010, he finally broke his Grand National duck when saddling Don’t Push It to victory for McManus, who had been trying to win the race since 1982. Don’t Push It came third last year and is now retired. A P (Tony) McCoy rode the gelding, gaining a first success at the 15th attempt. O’Neill’s other victories at the Aintree Festival as a trainer include Quazar in the John Smith’s Anniversary 4YO Novices’ Hurdle in 2002, Clan Royal in the 2003 John Smith’s Topham Chase, Iris’s Gift (2003) and Black Jack Ketchum (2006) in the Citroen C5 Sefton Novices’ Hurdle, Iris’s Gift in the 2004 John Smith’s Liverpool Long Distance Hurdle, Exotic Dancer (2007) in the Betfred Bowl and Albertas Run(2010) in the Melling Chase. His 18 Cheltenham Festival victories include five wins in the National Hunt Chase, the JCB Triumph Hurdle with Spectroscope, the 2004 Ladbrokes World Hurdle with Iris’s Gift and the three victories of Albertas Run in the RSA Chase (2007) and the Ryanair Chase (2010 & 2011). This season Synchronised, a Coral Welsh National winner, has improved further, capturing the Grade One Lexus Chase at Leopardstown over Christmas and the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup at The Festival. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2003 Carbury Cross (7th); 2004 Clan Royal (2nd), Joss Naylor (PU bef 19th); 2005 Simply Gifted (3rd), Shamawan (21st), Native Emperor (UR 9th), Clan Royal (CO bef 22nd); 2006 Clan Royal (3rd), Risk Accessor (5th); 2007 Clan Royal (11th); 2008 Bob Hall (PU bef 19th), Butler’s Cabin (Fell 22nd); 2009 Butler’s Cabin (7th), Reveillez (BD 3rd), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 18th); 2010 DON’T PUSH IT (WON), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 8t h); 2011 Don’t Push It (3rd), Quolibet (UR 11th), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 18th)
~Mignon McLaughlin
Georgia's Always on My Mind - Evans
“Shortly after that, the neurologist told me that he thought that Emma had a disease, but he had no proof for the diagnosis, so nothing further was done. I was devastated, fearing that my baby was going to die. I fell into the darkness of hopelessness and sorrow, so that I spent weeks as if in a daze. I don’t know what happened, but after two months something in my heart told me that Emma was not to die, not like this and not without knowing what was making her so sick. I felt I must carry on and that I was to get a second opinion. We took her to the best specialists in the UK. They did many tests, but still no answers!!”
So the plot is simple: The AKB0048 are here for a guerrilla entertainment despite the ban against the government of planet Rankastar. (Hey, where did Ranka’s name end up on- Oh wait, it’s Shoji Kawamori’s anime!) They’ll use everything from robots to handheld weapons just to entertain the folks there!
Rakeback could be the Distinction Between Lucrative and Wasted Table Play
For the past couple of weeks, the Melbourne International Comedy Festival has crashed over our fair city like a tidal wave, dragging the crowds and a bunch of increasingly exhausted critics out into the extraordinarily beautiful autumn evenings. But your humble blogger has remained at home, deaf to the siren call of comedy: far be it from me to "discourage earnest conversation," as psychiatrist Brendan Flynn suggested is the dark heritage of festival time. Flynn would approve of me: I have resolutely remained in my dour study, turning my face from the trivial levity of the light-hearted, to defend Melbourne's beetle-browed reputation as "a home of original ideas". But at least I now know who to blame for the sad state of our public discourse: it's those damn comedians.
* 1 t vanilla
I was delighted to see that our old friend Mike Smith, from SASucks fame, has started blogging again. I have taken the liberty of reproducing one of his latest articles published today, as it has a direct bearing on this post:
Until I saw this...
Suffice it to say that the following should just about tell you everything you need to know... Poo, wee, vomit, bogies, blocked lavatories, huge pants and not a great deal of sex.
Early in their relationship, Obama told Cook (who was white) about his “perfect ideal woman” — whom Cook imagined would be “very strong, very upright, a fighter, a laugher, well-­experienced — a black woman I keep seeing her as.”By the way, in his book "Dreams From My Father," Obama writes of being openly critical of a black man with a white girlfriend:
Then came the highlight – a wonderfully cooked piece of grilled saba (mackarel). The fish’s skin was beautifully charred and blistered by the grill, leaving it tasting really moreishly salty and smoky. Its crispness contrasted perfectly with the soft white fish flesh inside, the flakes of which were all infused with a subtle smoky flavour. I felt like I could easitilyorgo the rest and come here just to eat this dish.
“I was thinking that I would take classes at night and you could take care of them.”
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which was set to approve the guidance as early as today, deleted the item from a meeting agenda without explanation. The Chamber, in an April 19 letter to Cass Sunstein, administrator of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, said the guidance could hurt businesses. The advice would help employers comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act on issues such as extended leave and making accommodations for the disabled workers.
she would travel the US and Canada in an RV. She didn't really
Oh hell seemed to whisper, "Just forget it, He's dead."
The overwhelming sadness is shocking because of the next stage. I am surprised how sad I am. Maybe it is because I realized that the man I married is not the man I am divorcing. Maybe it is because I am mad at God, the universe, or any other powers that be that took a beautifully sweet man and made him rotten. Maybe it is because I did not have one doubt when I married him and now I can’t wait to get those divorce papers worked up. Maybe it is because I gave it everything I had and then found more deep in the depths of my soul and gave even more only to be shot down, blamed, rejected.
from a cabinet he tore out of the kitchen
I also discovered there are slight variations in the recipe: Dorie Greenspan makes hers with extra virgin olive oil, others use vegetable oil, and some dress up the cake with almonds, or raspberry filling.
Loved?
Evening all, sorry for the lateness of my post, I have been chasing my tail all day again today. I hope you are all well. I have had a bit of a funny day, I was feeling a bit low and didn't feel very confident in myself today (couldn't say why just one of those days I guess) but without even knowing that, some of my bloggy buddies made me feel so much better just by being their lovely selves so I just wanted to say that you lot are all fab and I am so glad to have met you all, much love to you all.
Calling Dr. Love
Freddie just finished editing iCarly’s next fake movie trailer. I wonder what it is. Taking KC: TM, The Blowing and Moonlight Twi-blood into consideration, I can’t really make any guesses.
Be prepared, says Rosemary Haefner, vice president of human resources at CareerBuilder. “With preparation and practice, candidates can greatly improve their interview skills,” she says. Well-prepared job seekers are more confident, articulate and relaxed — and therefore less susceptible to error — than those who aren’t.
Okay, SUPER fun image to share with you today from the upcoming Kraftin' Kimmie release (which is this coming Sunday, BTW). I'm no ornithologist, so I drew coloring inspiration from ... Rio!
621399 Offices of all other miscellaneous health practitioners
(Sighed the old ram rod, dying of downfall),
The top also opens & has an adorable little vintage style clasp.
Max's will have over 150 different Belgian beers on draft over
This year I was Ron Swanson. Chances are, you don't know who Ron Swanson is, and that's fine. That indicates you probably have more of a life than I do. But if you want to understand the various bits and wonder of my costume, you can watch the following clips:
Whew... it was a long day but also a very productive day. She loves the Haiku Mill and it would be a perfect place for her 130-person wedding. This is the 3rd Haiku Mill wedding that I have booked in the last 2 months! More and more people are finding out about this "hidden gem"! It really is a magical place.
This is not the full list of how this man has been a disaster for world peace and national security. And it is a list that is ignored by hist supporters who think with their emotions and who have their hands out for more of their share of their neighbor’s earnings.
Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Samuel Adams Utopias
An individual Non-smokers personal preference for a “Smoke Free” environment is irrelevant to the business and property owner that has spent their time, energy and resources in designing an environment that is specifically aimed at enticing citizens that smoke into patronizing their establishments. Non-Smoker’s are always welcome of course, but their personal preferences end at the front door of businesses where smoking is obviously permitted, since they are aware that to cross that threshold of their own volition means they would be assuming personal responsibility for their actions. Fortunately for them in a Free Society they have the right to do so, but make no mistake, by doing so they are ignoring their own personal preference for a Smoke Free environment. How is this even remotely the responsibility of those business owners?
An illusion it’s just not true
And what now are of these sorrows
Okay, it hasn’t been as big of a let down as the Chuck Klosterman fiasco. The Gods of Mars is a good book. It’s just a lot of unnecessary detail that I don’t need and a lot of exposition. I know I have said that books can get the Stephen King Syndrome as I like to put it, where this is a reoccurring issue, and I think this is true for the Barsoom series. That’s what’s taking me so long to finish this one. I think the plot is really interesting. I like that it picks up a little in the future from where Princess of Mars left off and the following book comes in directly after where this one finishes. I don’t really want to give anything away but basically John Carter, Prince of Helium in the House of Jeddak whoever or whatever he says (Or as we like to say, Captain John Carter of Vir-gin-yah! You can’t tell me that wasn’t one of the funniest things in the movie) is searching for Dejah Thoris, the hottie princess of Helium, with the help of some various secondary characters (including everyone’s favorite Thark, Tars Tarkas). Anyway, the plot is cool but they must have really liked detail back in the day because that’s what’s killing it for me. I’ve only got 50 pages left and those are going to done by the end of the weekend (Hopefully. Finals may kill that plan). I was really into the whole Phaidor (or whatever that chick’s name was) and Thuvia being in love with John Carter and his cute little Confederate butt trying to explain–unsuccessfully–that Dejah Thoris is the only woman John Carter loves. Here’s hoping Warlords of Mars is not a let down.
I have a dream.....a rather materialistic dream. I know, I should be dreaming of world peace and happiness but I am dreaming about my home.
What ends?
I bought two, and figured they might come in handy.
I have done a few of the Rock and Roll Half Marathons and I feel like this one was the most disorganized run I have ever been in. They had WAY too many people and not enough volunteers or space to run. They freaking ran out of water at some of the water stops (luckily, it wasn't hot, so it wasn't as bad as it could have been), and even worse, they ran out of finisher medals. They gave me a full marathon medal instead and I was kind of pissed. I didn't run the full marathon, I ran the half marathon. What am I going to do with a full marathon medal that I didn't really run??
I could see a few things that were slow to learn but helped me mature
Only now paranormals are dying, and Evie’s dreams are filled with haunting voices and mysterious prophecies. She soon realizes that there may be a link between her abilities and the sudden rash of deaths. Not only that, but she may very well be at the center of a dark faerie prophecy promising destruction to all paranormal creatures.
He gets it now. Now that he sees me with Hardscape, he gets it and from there he understands that there is someone out there meant for him and it isn’t me. He gets that neither of us are truly the others “one that got away.” We were just a string of events for our lives and a relationship to grow from. I don’t feel a loss by not being with him because I feel complete with Hardscape. (Cue Jerry McGuire phrase)
As I was thinking about how to update our blog tonight, I kept thinking back to a conversation I had with Derek last night...totally unrelated to our blog...yes my mind is crazy like that. We were talking about how much we love our children and how we sometimes look at them in awe that they are ours. We also talked about how life can be stressful with children, especially multiple children, and how many people in society view children as a burden, not a joy...even to the point of illustrating them as a burden in birth control commercials. I will be the first to admit, being a parent is the hardest thing I have ever done! It is also the most amazing and selfless thing God has allowed me to experience and struggle through. It truly is a JOY to be able to hug and kiss and teach and console and correct and care for my children every single day. And some days I get it really right and most days I am on my face begging the Lord and my children for forgiveness and grace!
Cardstock from Colorbok is 4x9"
12.
01. Departuer In The Dark 12:43 Jun Fukamachi
My trip up and down the hill today was notable in that, for some reason, my legs were working particularly well. I didn't feel like I had exceptional power, but for the same usual effort I was minutes faster than what has been normal, even though I felt like I was going the same pace. A big part of that was that this morning's trail conditions were fairly tacky and fast after yesterday's warm temps (trail conditions were terrible most of the week because of the wind). At any rate, I managed a 32:25 ascent (to the tippy top) paired with a 14:32 descent (with no pause on top) for a 46:57 roundtrip from the Gregory parking lot. I was doing a fair amount of pussy-footing on the way down because there are starting to be some semi-treacherous icy sections, so I could see shaving maybe another minute off of this with just some sharper spikes and a more focused effort.
The third bread of the BBA Challenge is bagels. That just seems ridiculous doesn't it. I'm a new bread baker and an even newer yeast bread baker and I'm making bagels!
My elder daughter, Miss C, thinks that I don’t buy her “treats” often enough. If she had her way, I would be at the shops every day, buying her something new. Of course I am not about to pander to her whims but I do love it when I find something that delights her that involves neither mountains of money or hours of my time. Recently I bought a book containing activities to do on rainy days. We have already made two of the crafts in the book, one is an animal cage made out of a cardboard box, with strings for bars. She has housed her stuffed toy tiger in it and invites us all along to her “zoo” (complete with swipe cards that we have to swipe at her door in order to get in). I haven’t had the heart to tell her that more recent animal incarceration trends veer away from small cages because she has had such simple pleasure from it.
Eldest got a small crocheted monkey. Johnny her monkey has been her best cuddly friend ever since we spied him in a charity shop when she was one. He's no longer fluffy and bears all the signs of worn true love. There have a been a few long drives back to places she's left him, our hearts pounding all the way hoping that he would still be there.
I was a complete wreck the first time I went to see you. I didn’t know how I’d react, I didn’t know if seeing me would upset you, and I didn’t know what I would do if I looked you in the eyes and saw that you WERE NOT ok. I seriously drove down for that main reason – to look you in the eyes and make sure you were ok. An added bonus when I got here was to make you smile and laugh. I would drive twice as far to do that for you.
Has run and coached programs at the collegiate level as well as coached elite level athletes. He understands athlete development and their needs at every level including the elite level.
Without further ado, Rachel and I have partnered and decided to do a giveaway on my blog for this amazing bracelet that normally retails for $85!!!!!
From now on I am going to watch every game until the clock hits 0.00.
To prepare for Sunday, read through the passage and ask:
9. Add to skillet, stir, cover and cook another 25 minutes until meat is tender.
And one of the crib!
We ask and ask, for ears that hear us,
I learned that being cheated on is a lot more common than we think it is, but it carries a stigma of shame for us women when it happens to us. Even though it’s not (and never is) the fault of the person who is wronged, it’s feels like a clear statement of “You aren’t enough for me.” And that really sucks.
Thyme, 1/2 teaspoon (dried)
If the monthly payment seems like something you want, you may be tempted to go ahead and sign the paper. But that is the last thing you want to do. The first thing to look at is the loan term. Is it for what you want, such as 5 years? Or is it longer? Sometimes, dealerships will give you a low price to lure you in but may fail to point out that the loan is for 7 years. In my experience, 5 years is the magic number you want to try to hit, if not lower. With 5 years, you’ll typically balance out on what you owe on the car and what the car is worth in the second or third year, which is what you want. With 7 years, you won’t hit that middle number until closer to four to five years. If something happens and you need to sell your car, you want to be as close to what you owe as possible. This will prevent you from having to owe the dealership any money when you sell or trade your car. Also, the longer you pay for your car, the more interest you will pay.
When he was finished with all the quilting, he just put the quilt into the washer and all the stabilizer disappeared.
Sadly, thats where the excitment stopped there this week. The only other thing thats happened was a letter from the dole peeps saying that I will won’t be getting Job seekers allowance anymore. Apperently, I had no good reason to leave my last PART-TIME job in Aberdeen. The fact that I was homeless, heavely in debt and had to move back to other end of the country wasn’t acceptable. The ironic thing is, how bad is the person who decided that at their job? I get the chance to send a letter of appeal which I’ve already written-
How about a movie that pitted Dracula against Frankenstein's monster? With some random bikers? And hippies? And a dwarf? And a blonde?
honestly my phone's blowing up tonight
Libby Kelting had always felt herself born out of time. No wonder the historical romance-reading, Jane Austen-adaptation-watching, all-around history nerd jumped at the chance to intern at Camden Harbor, Maine’s Oldest Living History Museum. But at Camden Harbor Libby’s just plain out of place, no matter how cute she looks in a corset. Her cat-loving coworker wants her dead, the too-smart-for-his-own-good local reporter keeps pushing her buttons, her gorgeous sailor may be more shipwreck than dreamboat — plus Camden Harbor’s haunted. Over the course of one unforgettable summer, Libby learns that boys, like ghosts, aren’t always what they seem.
I think of my grandma’s house. Her cookie jar, her big pot of pennies, her button box. I think of the VanSlembrouck’s home in Detroit – the red kettle on the stove, always ready to make a cup of tea. The stories told around the island in their kitchen. I think of Linda’s house in Pennsylvania and the comfy sofa that was always perfect for naps. The amazing aromas coming from her kitchen. I think of Carrie’s apartment in China – soft candles burning, warm homemade bread, a big coffee table book.
McCormick perfect pinch salt-free garlic & herb seasoning
I won’t make a wish with you as you hit your 21st,
The finisher's area was legit - bananas, chocolate milk, protein shakes, and bagels galore. Neutrogena had a face-wash area, and Paul Mitchell had a mini-salon set up to get your hair washed post race. They had massages for all finishers, and a stretching room fully equipped with foam rollers and achilles stretchers.
Lars Olofsson, Carrefour’s CEO, stated: “This new partnership marks a major step in the development of Carrefour’s multi-channel strategy. Our alliance with Pixmania, one of the leaders in e-commerce with operations in 26 countries and covering over 20 product universes, will enable us to offer our customers enriched non-food product lines, primarily in electronic appliances, photo, video and sound, as well as a flexible multi-channel shopping experience between our stores and the internet at the European level.”
I didn't know what to expect and in my mind, I was really going as a support to a friend. I did not realize the impact it would have on me and what an eye opening experience it would be to attend. Not to mention, it was so much fun. The classes were helpful and entertaining. They ranged from Photoshop basics to how to succeed in a blog business.
Says Mooney: "I don't say this lightly, but the consumer is simply an income stream and exploiting that is the purpose of the banking organization."
Better luck next year I suppose?
It is with high-flying expectations that Verizon and Relan are providing you with this re-purposed kite created from Verizon’s own billboards! The kite is designed to be flown and enjoyed time and time again. It is even easy to repair (in case of any evil winds or trees) and comes with a quiver to keep your kite and string in one place. We have also consulted with Professor Kite of the American Kite Association to be sure you know everything you need to know to have a wonderful kite flying experience. So . . . have fun! Enjoy! See you in the sky!
The newly released military personnel got back to Britain okay, and I'm eagerly awaiting the press conference in which one of them recants everything they said on Iranian TV, and says: "The Persians were a lot more valid when they were worshipping fire and chucking their dead to the vultures. Now that they're Muslim, they're a collection of cunts."
From what I heard he just stayed inside
I could do an entire interview on this!!!! But for now, let me give a one-word answer: BELIEVE. You have to believe. In yourself. Your story. Your dreams. Your vision. Everything.If you don’t believe, no one else will. But if YOU believe, that’s when magic happens.
then it’s hard for me to muster a lot of sympathy. You’re just asking for the karmic boot to kick you in the ass.
I scan a room of blank stares.
Help me, O Lord, lest my heart become proud,
We officially started Harem Weekend in Epcot (shocked?) on Friday evening by doing the Wine Walk – you get to sample two small glasses (2 ounce pours) of wine in each of three countries – it’s a fun way to explore World Showcase… and have a few beverages at the same time…
Man. I graduate in a week and a half. Then I need to complete an internship over the summer or in the fall (since I haven’t been able to get one yet) so that I can get my diploma and start planning my life. I just want to get my foot in the door!!!
Recently, I called my daughter to see what she was doing on her day off. She was crocheting a granny aquare afghan. Surprised, I asked her how she knew how, because I had taught her basic crocheting, but never how to make granny squares. "YouTube," she answered. "They have videos about how to do anything!" I couldn't help but feel a little pride. As soon as I become a grandmother, I'll teach her to smock!
And now I know
- 2 c. of flour
SDR is anxious to work on all of our pictures from Jackson so I have to be real quick-like with this post!
Now a few tips on the meal itself.
Lynette's (Urban Scrapbook) choice for our monthly tag swap. I think I have mentioned it before, there are five of us participating in a monthly tag swap, each taking turns to choose the challenge. This month, Lynette's challenge was for us to use only a 12 x 12 piece of white cardstock when making each tag. We were allowed to ink, mist, etc. Well, ever since making my tags, I'm addicted to using white cardstock, which I don't normally use a lot of. I like color, probably because we are surrounded by that ugly white stuff called snow for way too many months! Anyways, I was inspired by work done by one of my favorite papercutting artists, the amazing Elsa Mora. Sometimes, she includes a small piece of colored paper in her white creations, which I love. I'm always amazed at how intricate her pieces are, especially when you realize they are all cut out with a knife or scissors and how small they are. I know what you are thinking but no, I didn't even try and attempt to cut out everything by hand, I have my trusty Slice machine! Even using my machine, I messed up many times! So here's my tag, but the picture isn't that great. I discovered it's not that easy to take a photo of something that is all white!
I know these colors aren't typical 'girl' room colors, but I'm not a typical girl. I do plan on accenting the room with pops of a bright, deep pink...almost like a purplish pink, to add a little more feminineness to the space. I've got big plans...if only I can keep up my energy level!
EDIT: I see now that, in addition to the PTF post mentioned by Deek, that this video was mentioned in the December 2011 issue of ETC (which I just got to read last evening). So, well done, Typosphere. Sorry I missed it.
Religion – I have so many issues with organized religion that I’m unsure of exactly what I believe anymore. The entire situation surrounding the conversation on reproductive rights has done nothing to resolve anything. It has only served to portray the Catholic Church in a harsh light. How am I supposed to support any organized religion when they appear so unsympathetic to anyone who doesn’t fit the mold? The article below is a perfect example.
-Steel Wool or Heavy Nail File
Using your advertising to communicate that you can make savings by going online and using a comparison website is hardly a revelation or new news for people. It's a generic benefit in a relatively mature market that's already widely understood by anyone with half a brain.
So we couldn't get out of the sale, is the short version of the story.
The Teenage Archetype deck created by Jennifer Hereth is an invaluable therapy tool. The eighty-eight cards for working with teenagers were created by over fifty different artists, but I have been using them in my therapy practice for teens and adults. The images are powerful and moving. I have used them as a check-in and checkout tool. Clients pick a card that resonates for them to fit how they are feeling when they walk in and then another when the session is over. On the weekend I taught a Level One Focusing and Art Therapy group and the group picked a card at the beginning of the day and then later after they had their Focusing practice session to represent the part of them that they were focusing with. They are great cards to do self-inquiry and self-discovery work. They can be used to do Family Systems work, relationship work, and in many more ways. They are a good starting point for clients to understand and explore archetypal work. Jennifer has created a wonderful therapy tool. I have taught archetype groups for years and I know how
One morning this past August I woke up and felt like I had literally been hit by a semi truck while I was sleeping. I ached all over. It hurt to move. And I thought to myself - What the hell did I do yesterday? I couldn't remember doing anything particularly out of the ordinary. So I thought maybe I had some sort of a virus.
He said: “Sail on! sail on! and on!”
Baby, I've been, breaking glass in your room again
Rel's brain caught up and he jerked back, stammering. Taslin grabbed his head, roughly covered his mouth. "Quiet!"
Daniel Stern ("Home Alone") and Matt Frewer ("Eureka") put the cool in Yule in the Hallmark Channel Original Movie, Battle of the Bulbs. The film is about dueling neighbors whose Christmas decorating rivalry turns so outrageous, it puts the "no" in "Noel" for the small town sponsoring the annual fete. Hallmark Channel is the biggest holiday destination in television.
- 4PM Goblin "Fuckin" Cock who is going to "Fucking rock our world!" (Say in devil voice, but sing it in Ozzy voice). These guys showed up looking like alternative rockers, changed into matching "Goblin Cock Crew" uniforms (kind of looking like hayseed fed-ex guys), started a dry ice machine, then came marching out in Grim reaper robes with satin face covering. I think they took their Black Sabbath fetish too far. The music was definitely spooky, but not as bad as you're probably thinking....and the FREE BEER Showed up..."A Whoo Hoo!"
Top 10 aka #1-10 (boys: 7, girls: 4)
One of my favorite things about LA is the selection of independent boutiques. I LOVE shopping on Main St. and also Montana Ave. in Santa Monica. Melrose (Ave.) is great also. Planet Blue is a must if you're in town.
Design Analysis
Here's what I came up with, thanks to Stampin' Up!'s Tickets & Tags Simply Scrappin' kit (great colours, don't you think?):
Yep, all the time. Gone are the days of the normal reaction of ‘oops’ or ‘I cocked up there’ (did they even exist?). Now, it’s the end of the world if I make a mistake, or if something goes wrong. I recently ran an event, the whole day was a complete success, and I was thanked by many people for all the work I had put in to make it run so smoothly. There was, however, one small error that I made, and I tortured myself for days over it.I forgot all about the positive feedback that I had recieved – this one small error led to a long period of suicidal ideation because I clearly wasn’t good enough to be allowed to live any longer.
So that’s Sam Lipsyte. Now, as far as Gary Lutz- the other well-known writer I’ll be reading with- who wrote “The Divorcer,” which I haven’t read- in fact I haven’t read anything by him at all and I’m not going to lie to him and tell him I did or should I? Let’s see what happens. I may never meet him at all. Then again, I wonder whether I’ll read before these guys or at the end of the evening when the audience has dwindled to a precious or perhaps inert few and has already been sated with quirky ironic funny yet occasionally poignant short fiction.
claimed 20 lives.
**Sew shoulder seams together with RS facing.
Besides, the epidural route takes less repenting.
Who Do You Think You Are? Kate Humble learns her grandfather was a famous flying ace (start at 3 mins. 30 secs.) Quite fascinating! (This series is my absolute favourite thing on television at the moment. I could happily spend the rest of my days watching it to the exclusion of everything else!)
NOTE: From cold sin to warm life
There are as many bánh mì permutations as there are cooks, but here's ours. It's taken me a while (a pretty long while), but after much tweaking and editing and wringing of hands, here're the current most-favoured elements of our ever-morphing and hopefully-improving bánh mì play list (NB: We're firmly in the porky pig paradise camp. Looking for lean mean chicken or meatless seitan? Sorry, here is not the place.):
taking care of the written word,
Blue Scholar Blog: How are relations with the city and the police?
My teeth and piss are green from coffee.
This romance ebook video synopsis post, is presented by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a soon to be released romance ebook featuring the romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the early ’1980s. romance ebook l adult ebook . The new romantic ebook is told from both Laura and Jeffrey. Great romance literary work!
Anywhich, onto the reason you're really here...to read about my WIPs. The current story-in-progress, "Mr. Brass and the City of Devils", is nearabouts finished. It pits the infamous American Automaton against the Cult of the Starry Wisdom and the Fungi from Yuggoth in the Nameless City. Because why not?
Valentine’s Day is officially a week away, but not all of us are excited ’cause we don’t have a man to go out with. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t stay home and sulk though. So for all the single ladies out there, we got some ideas for how you should spend the night!!
Amit Bansal answers, If your company follows the annual appraisal cycle then you will have to wait till you complete one year with your organization before asking for a raise.
Prima Marketing
Good morning and happy mother's day to all you mothers out there! I hope you all have lovely days.
Once the dal gets cooked, add the salt and mash the dal well.
PS: All the blunders written in this blog have actually happened in reality nothing fake here.
One of the things I like most about my new Nikon D300 is that it comes with a full range of great accessories. Some accessories are built in to the camera, with the attachment accessories, I’ve saved time and money from not having buy these extra accessories.
Preheat oven to 160C . peel pumpkin and cut into 3 equal sized pieces. Grate one piece and set aside. Cut remaining pieces into 5 cm chunks and put in baking dish. Drizzle with half olive oil and bake, turning occasionally for 20 mins until soft.
Terrorist and extremist outfits in Pakistan have deepened their involvement in organised crimes, particularly including abduction-for-ransom and extortion, both to increase revenues and to push various illegitimate demands. A rampage of both high and low profile abductions across the country has provided the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), the Haqqani Network, the Afghan Taliban and al Qaeda, along with their various affiliates, with new ‘resources’ to fuel their politically and religiously motivated ‘jihad’, both within the country, and against the West and other ‘infidel’ states. According to information retrieved from slain al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden’s Abbottabad compound, for instance, al Qaeda in Pakistan had turned to abduction-for-ransom to offset dwindling cash reserves.
This photo sends shivers down my spine.
Die anderen 3 Schilder bedeuten sicher alle das gleiche und nicht, wie man auch vermuten könnte, dass man versuchen sollte mit dem Auto zu tanzen (stopp vor zurück stopp stopp vor...). Nein, der Trick ist sicher, dass nur das obere Stoppschild in gewohnter Höhe für uns Menschen bestimmt ist, während jenes darunter für die viel kleineren Trolle und das tiefste für die noch viel kleineren Elfen aufgestellt wurde!
Clarence was the archetypal rock & roll tenor sax player, raised on King Curtis and roadhouse gigs. But he’ll be remembered mainly for his work with Bruce Springsteen.
Propaganda just made it appear that way. We have a rich history with customs and traditions that are as old as time itself.
And my mind starts to spin.
First, the organizers tried to cover everything under the sun as long as it's breast cancer. So most people here have very little to do with your particular domain. The natural affinities are stretched very thin. It's good to be exposed to new things at meetings, but this is most fruitful when there's a bit more common ground to start off on.
Of course, Joshua did not became strong and courageous an instant. Just like Peter in the boat, he had to venture out and take a step forward, in spite of all that sounded in his mind.
At Halloween time at school, we always read Scottish poet Robbie Burn’s “Tam o’ Shanter”. It is a story of a man who stayed too long at the pub and what strange sights he sees on his way home. In a familiar situation, ladies’ man Tam had been warned by his wife to not stay out too late and not to drink too much. When he finally wanders home in the dark with his horse, Meg, he rides past the local kirk-yard (churchyard) only to spy a strange bonfire burning. There he sees a ghoulish collection of witches, warlocks, and the devil himself, dancing round the fire. Tam watches quietly until a beautiful, and scantily-clad, witch pursues him and gives him chase. Tam escapes, but the witches tear off Meg’s tail. Burns’ poem had a strong effect on me at the time, though the impact has lessened over time, especially the message of always listening to your wife’s directives.
It's difficult to be precise about how long each book takes. As I think I said, I quite often think about the ideas for several years before I actually start writing. Then, if all goes well, I suppose it takes around six months to a year to get a book finished. There are always some which don't work and have to broken up and started again, so Fever Crumb, for instance, took a couple of years.
“NO!” shouted Pricklewood.
Actually I wasn’t and the more I thought about it, the more the ending made sense. The whole series was about a group of girls and their negative emotions, so a happy ending was definitely one way to go and the way it was executed was just fine. They all go back to be being normal, they establish solid friendships and carry on happily with their lives. At least there was some tragedy for the main character (the death of Strength), thus satisfying the condition for such a series not having a 100% happy ending where everyone gets to live happily ever after and since there was a lack of interdependence between the characters it was a good ending to resolve it. I might also add that I did find it rather interesting that at the end of a story where women are the one causing each other pain, they all have to simply show love for each other to take away that pain.
Greenfingers gives us a tour of his home, and it's unbelievably clean!
Pours medium to pale caramel color with garnet highlights and displays a tan crown that dissipates quickly. Pleasantly sweet aroma of roasted nuttiness and a soft fruitiness. Rustic bread crust, roasted pecans, maple syrup, and light caramel along with balanced hop bitterness help round out the flavor profile. Not much carbonation and a medium bodied mouthfeel. An outstanding ale that is amazingly drinkable. When in Oxford, Mississippi, head to Murff’s and get a pint of this brew with a Muff Burger and fried egg.
Did you know that if every shelter animal that is currently waiting for adoption was adopted, every single person (not family, but person) in the United States would have to own 2 dogs and 10 cats. Can you even imagine? We'd all be on Animal Hoarders! She stressed the dire need to spay and neuter your pets.
Here's my page:
(International winners must pay the shipping difference)
Funny to think of it, until now people cannot get over the nora-vilma tandem when it comes to their field of being artists. As a result, the new move to proclaim someone as a national artist is obviously a move to retain the said tandem in a way. I am no Vilma fan, I’ve seen her movies and I don’t really give her claps. However, mother tells me that she appreciates Vilma’s acting, and that she’s one of the pillars of the Philippine entertainment industry.
Thanks to the lovely interweb, the set list from last night was posted somewhere almost immediately. Perhaps the thing to do is just amend that list with my observations? (Note: Every song not annotated should include the default statement "I was totally blissed out when they played THAT one.")
Q. Where are you based?
Sites affected by this change might not be easily recognizable as spamming without deep analysis or expertise, but the common thread is that these sites are doing much more than white hat SEO; we believe they are engaging in webspam tactics to manipulate search engine rankings.
neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
new craft ideas (also related to Pinterest)
some of it you can see above but these are a couple of my favorites. one is this tiny dance card from a ball in paris held in 1903. gentleman would request a polka or a waltz and she’d pencil him in if she was free (or he was handsome)!
Golden Valley Brewery
Then, leave somewhere to dry for a few hours (I think you're supposed to leave it for 24 hours? I did for some, but not all)
In his new novel Wonder Struck, Mr. Selznick continues the experiment with words and pictures he began in The Invention of Hugo Cabret. The story-line in Wonder Struck is similar but simpler than Hugo Cabret was. The are children on the run, this time a deaf girl and a boy looking for his father. There is a marvelous old building to hide in, this time the Museum of Natural History in New York City. There is a connection with the past that brings about the novel's resolution. The deaf girl's story is told through pictures intermingled with the boy's story which is told in text. She moves forward in time while his story looks back to the past. Their paths cross at the the Museum of Natural History where their connection is revealed.
Spike Lee your films speak to me. But now I wanna speak back I would like some updates and look forward to your feedback.
When I was five I rescued two lobsters, freeing them back into the ocean.
We have been talking in the last few post about God Encounters and today I really want you to get the point of it all.
3. Add your beating egg slowly...a crumbly pastry dough should start forming...
The next new thing(s) I cooked were for an impromptu dinner party! One of my high school friends and I along with her youhger sister and another high school friend have had a standing date for dinner on Thursday nights. It started as dinner at our homes switching off every week then evolved into dinner out all the time. Since my husband is job hunting and we have no real income to speak of, I haven't been doing this, but I still wanted to get together with my friends, so I asked them over. I was going to make the Old Fashioned Meatloaf for dinner anyway. I just added some salad with the BLT dressing, some canned cream corn and a dessert which I decided to make the Silky Chocolate Mousse Pie. I also made Velveeta shells and cheese for our overly picky kids I hate fighting about food with company over so I give her an out.
For example, in The Hammer, Gig creates a factory and with it, guns. This isn't new technology to the setting. It's not a new method. But no one has done it before because no one thought of it. No one took the time to do it. No one was interested in it. Everyone was interested in keeping things the exact way they were, fighting that inevitable decline of their ways as society collapsed slowly, ever so slowly about them.
This past season, he took the starting job from Kyle Orton at halftime of the Week 5 game vs the Chargers and nearly led the 1-3 Broncos to victory.
15.) Guns & Roses - Welcome To The Jungle - I hate to put this on because Axl is such an ass, but this is more about Slash.
I've since e-mailed and used the "feedback" form, to no avail. Others have gotten this response:
Eric’s pseudo-girlfriend Molly won’t touch the drugs, but she likes hooking up with Eric from time to time even though the two are not technically a couple. This of course is an obvious in for Schmidt, who has a thing for Molly even though she is barely legal and would probably be a little disturbed to know he’s a 24-year-old police officer.
I am technically an Independent Contractor and not an employee of this organization. I've signed a one year contract to act as their Project Coordinator in Colorado Springs. It is a job that holds deep meaning for me and I am so excited to be able to do it! Unfortunately, I need to be vague about it on the blog.
Here's what morning in the Boonies looks like today. I froze my toes to take this picture, but it's all for the love of you.
The point Paul makes is that the Holy Spirit, the agent of Jesus’ resurrection, lives with in the believer. This means that resurrection power is available to us even in our earthly mortal bodies. Through the Holy Spirit we are raised beyond our human limitations and enabled to live a righteous life. The “power of his resurrection” at work in our lives today should be an animating reality for everyone who “believes.”
Size: 4" x 7"
I call this "Dinosaur Chicken Salad" because the original recipe called for dinosaur kale, even though my local supermarket carries only curly kale. I call it "Dinosaur Chicken Salad" and make my three-year-old say, "Rawr!" like a T-Rex when we eat it. (Figuring a little extra fun can't hurt in the game to encourage veggie consumption.)
And I know I don’t hate, I dislike the feeling of hate.
Best Overseas Brewery :
Now then.....if you did not win, I'm going to put up a bit of blog candy this weekend for my faithful followers. I appreciate you all! I realized that I have posted over 700 blog posts, and many of you have read most of them! Thank you for following, and tune in this weekend!!!
Sharpe's Justice (good)
However, unfortunately, there was also something that made my blood pressure shoot up so high I'm surprised it didn't come spurting out of my ears - and that was Greg Koch and Matt Allyn's The Brewer's Apprentice.
Finding myself with a few minutes to kill yesterday morning I quickly down loaded several songs from MP3 Suites, slapped them on my little device and hit the door for work.
"Another thirty seconds."
* No owners have the same pet, smoke the same brand of cigar or drink the same drink.
Our Thursday morning classes are going well. We are making a sampler quilt using a variety of techniques - watch this space for progress.
hands on the side
Have you come across, or written, a great health and nutrition article lately? Be sure to leave the link in the comments section so we can all read it.
I wonder if you got big plans too? I wonder if you have made sufficient plans for tomorrow. I wonder if you want something different or better perhaps for you and your family? If you do, pen something down. Set timeframes, put them where you can see them. Ponder on them and visit The Throne Room
Double edit: Tainted Love… It calls for a return to the floor.
Show your spirit. You will get three free beer tokens if you come in German attire. There are also contests for Miss Oktoberfest and Best Baltimore Beer Belly.
It was therefore quite a shock to me to find out (after we broke up as teenage lovers) that I didn't "appreciate" her because, among other things, I didn't bring her flowers.
Divide batter evenly among the muffin cups, until cups are 2/3 filled.
My rucksack pushing against my leg as it is jammed in the tiny amount of space available between me and the table
They put it in eco-terms.
I struggled, pondering answers deep
15 minutes at 104 F.
One might well ask, “Wasn’t Saul saved by grace?” Such thinking might come from 1 Timothy 1:16 as Paul recalls his past days.
Thank God for the grace we have been given to consider Ten Witnesses that testified that Jesus Christ Is The Son Of God. By now,you must be wondering what Plus You in the theme could connote.This is simple.You are an addition to the list of witnesses.This can be in one of two ways:
Not having to flip thru a file folder or a binder when you are trying to find info on a rushed school morning is such a better way to be organized.
Clients who are strangely persistent about samples spur red flags in our office. Trust is pretty important to me. If you trust me, and I love you than I'm going to go above and beyond for you. I'm going to buy the tree peonies at $7.5 a stem even when Asheley says we're over budget. There is NOTHING more exhilarating in my work than making incredible flowers for clients who love what we do. Nothing. And no budgets, whether big or small will ever stop us from finding those people we can make happy with flowers.
HT: I would recommend Vampire Love Story or Werewolf Love Story to start with. Vampire Love story is told through Josiah Reign's eyes and it will give the reader a foundation of all the characters and where they are going. I would also recommend for a reader to start with Werewolf Love story if they wish because the story takes place five years earlier. The book is through Josiah's best friend Tommy's eyes.
Three women were being detained on suspicion of battery when members of the crowd set upon officers and tried to free them, he said.
Acrylic Jewels
Most of the cleaning supplies in the pictures were here when we moved in 4 years ago. I do the majority of my cleaning with water, vinegar and baking soda. For tough stuck on food I use coarse sea salt. You could lick the stove it's so clean after (with no fear of poisoning yourself)
“You are so grounded when you get home, girly-boy.”
For Your Entertainment – Adam Lambert
Game Bat Combo
Happy Mother's Day to you!!!
Both models feature a manual six-speed gearbox as standard with the seven-speed double-clutch transmission (PDK) available as an option. Both sports cars achieve their best fuel consumption and acceleration performance with the PDK.
#2. Hawaii. $43,017. $115K total but we’re focusing on the here, now and the future. They’ve got 9 offices turning in. Is it a coincidence that the states with the most offices had the most growth and production? No coincidence. No mistake. Don’t make it one of yours.
Ernane Rabelo, Universidade Federal de Viçosa. Information Behavior and News Evocation: The Case of Mass Communication Students
I might take it slow at first, but I'm really looking forward to sharing my blog and reading yours again.
heaven is awaiting for you to dance this way
How he died is heart-breakingly tragic. My dogs and he seemed to have picked up some fleas from a stray dog that was coming to the house. A man doing some painting work for us, Antonio, said he had the ideal liquid to treat them all....I hesitated about Mr Puss getting it but he said he had given it to his own cat so it would be fine. I held a squiggling Mr Puss while Antonio put the liquid on him. He leapt out of my arms into the undergrowth when all was finished. That was the last time I touched him.
Sunday a lifetime of not quitting was broken. There is no celebration of a PB, no feeling of satisfaction for all the hours of training I put since November, no medal, no cheers, nothing.
My daughter and I spent most of the evening making up two songs. The first one started as some sort of nursery rhyme song about a turtle. I couldn’t figure out the tune on the guitar, so we just came up with a new tune using the same words.
Hello everyone!!!. Today's card is dedicated to Christopher. He has been our Sunday School teacher for many many years. Now since he has a lot of work with the Youth and Preaching in our Church, we (Diane, his wife Ann and myself) decided to take care of the Sunday School to help him. I made this card for his farewell this coming Sunday. I know it is hard for him to stop teaching the little ones but he is going to still work hard for God preaching His word and he still be an example for the kids. Here is his card:
“Not at all. But he puts his money away and doesn’t appear to have any
Around 2007, things changed. I started to figure out for myself what artists I liked superlatively, and followed them through leaks and by downloading their back catalogs. At first, I did the responsible thing: if I liked the album and played it enough, I’d go out and buy it. By the end of 2007, my collection got so multifarious and large that this became infeasible.
Buff: Well ... Take that outfit you're wearing now, or rather, almost wearing now. I mean, you're almost falling out of it.
Grief-stricken and determined to grant Finn's last request, she rushes to leave immediately. But she only gets as far as the driveway before running into Rusty, Finn's best friend since third grade and his polar opposite. She hasn't seen him in ages, thanks to a falling out between the two guys, but Rusty is much the same as Honor remembers him: arrogant, stubborn. . . and ruggedly good looking. Neither one is what the other would ever look for in a road trip partner, but the two of them set off together, on a voyage that makes sense only because it doesn’t.
B is building a house - B's blog follows her journey in building a new home and often invites followers to give their thoughts on her choices along the way. After offering my (amateur) advice on B's handle selections, vanity heights, room layouts and more, I feel so involved with the process that I'm well and truly hooked.
Prepare to save yourselves hours of toil and sweat this Hanukkah by simply baking your potato latkes in the oven. In response to my post earlier this week with a recipe for Oven Baked Cauliflower, Zucchini and Leek Latkes, I received some requests for a traditional potato latke version. So quite simply, here’s how you do it. It’s pretty much the same recipe as the pan fried latkes but now, it’s just oven baked. Using this oven baking method, you can really have fun and add whatever else you want to the latkes. I’m keeping my version simple for the sake of the children!
Vert: 30,000'
I'm sure many teenagers of the period annoyed many an art teacher, mine included, with endless 2000ad and sci-fi inspired opuses, many of which would probably get us sent to school psychologists in these current times, but we didn't have those then so we got to draw. I distinctly remember one project where there was some quote about a circus and something behind a curtain and I more or less drew the below, from a Megazine story called the Black Widow, with an almost unrecognizable curtain as a border around it.
27) WHAT IS YOUR DREAM CAR?
Not only did Marie Myriam win and land a huge hit single with her song, she also celebrated her 20th birthday on the very day of the final. A double celebration for her, in other words.
So...I made a highball. Took my Sly Fox Pikeland Pils willibecker glass, filled it with ice, poured in about an inch of Rittenhouse Rye, and topped it up with Stewart's Ginger Beer. Damn me, that was good. The ginger beer is so spicy my lips were tingling a bit (Stewart's isn't Blenheim, but it's good), the rye punched it up good, and it was cold and refreshing. I love a rye and ginger in the summer -- and it's finally summer, sunlight for a change!
I would add to the title of this post by saying that we also need brave superintendents and brave school board members. The article below talks about the courage it took for some New York City principals to stand up to the State Education Department, especially and inexplicably, because they weren’t getting the teachers’ unions of New York to support them. I am with Diane, why is that NYSUT?
Ale House at Amatos - Just opened, I have never been, but they are supposed to have over 40 beer on tap and they are located in downtown Denver.
1 unconscious
Philippians 4:11-13 “I have learned to be content “strong and consistent” whatever the circumstances. 12 I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have learned the secret of being content “strong and consistent” in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want. 13 I can do all this through him who gives me strength.”
With legal repercussion out of the equation, the “battle” remains between poster, snarker and harasser. But the “battle” could end with a blackened screen.Walk away.
7/26 Charlotte, NC- Time Warner Cable Uptown Amphitheatre
Two, participation in Ponzi schemes is voluntary. Not so with Social Security. The government automatically withholds payroll taxes and “invests” them for you.
this might be the last weekend of the year to hang out in the backyard.
Knead dough for about 10 minutes on floured surface. Don't worry, it’s a joy to knead as the dough is smooth and highly malleable.
March feels a bit less busy than February in some ways. But all of my formerly postponed tasks have been re-prioritized so I am really just as swamped. My on-campus hours have eased up a bit which is nice. Next month brings my birthday, the end of the term, and travel to San Diego. I have never visited this city and will be staying in Little Italy (which feels fitting as a current resident of Pittsburgh's Little Italy) so bring on the restaurant, sight-seeing, and shopping suggestions! I will be there for a conference but hope to also have some fun.
Ages 9-13
09. We Out Buddy (feat. Satvia)
Roger Johnson – Love, Death and the Maiden
job training will be provided to enhance core competencies and to extend responsibilities and
Chinese dried mushroom
It’s been reported that approximately 50 percent of all first marriages in the United States end in divorce. But are you aware that Facebook and other social networking sites could sabotage your divorce settlement negotiations if you’re not careful?
Dates: Jun 25 – Aug 17; Age/Grade Range: 2.9 to 12yo
Happy Holidays et Season's Greeting et Bonne Annee!
Here is the 20 pounds gone pic, and yes, I'm still missing my head!
During my shower, she got into my alphabet beads and dumped them all over the couch, except for the ones that she put in her mouth. Also, she stole a chocolate from Nik, and apparently used it for a full body skin treatment, so I gave her a bath. She pooped in it.
The epic, familiar opening, full of warmth, nostalgia, like an old mans hand as he sits you down to tell you a whimsical tale. But then! War Drums!? What’s this!? The ominous lingering over a battleship, the crimson red hues, the suspenseful pounding of a war drum, like a Marine’s heart before the jump . . . . Something is wrong here. Then, BAM! Open war!
3. Evangelism is not imposing our will or beliefs on another person.
Dialogue in story is like the dressing on a salad – it may not be the crux of the thing, but for better or worse, it dominates the overall flavor. So while good dialogue can move an otherwise mediocre story along relatively well, bad dialogue is capable of dragging a brilliant one down into the pits of utter Suckdom in just a few bad lines.
Rosberg got off to a great start and was helped by Schumacher, in keeping the rest of the pack behind, while building the gap. It was teamwork in its purest form and Rosberg’s resulting early lead, was maintained across the finish, where he secured his first career win. It was also the first win for Mercedes, as a constructor since 1955, with Juan Manuel Fangio behind the wheel. I expected to see the Silver Arrows eating through the tires, but Rosberg did a great job maintaining his tire degradation, throughout the race.
I don't miss bell-bottoms and I don't miss all the long hair and hairy faces. Hip-huggers are back and lower than ever (to my chagrin now that I find myself in a father role to a young lady that thinks thongs and low-slung jeans are THE thing. . .) and more midriff is once again showing.
With your pasta machine secured to the table or bench you need to start at the biggest setting and let your pasta pass through.
I just want to rest in your arms
There were so many of such interesting sub-plots in the book and all of these open your eyes about some aspect of social situation and industry.
Submissions may be made in any one of the UN languages: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian or Spanish.
On to the next adventure. I drop the kids off at home with the sitter, and took Blazer to the meeting. I am glad that we found a preschool for him...he will need it with the kids being gone so much!! When we were done, we had to find Carter a backpack. I had been to four stores already, and didn't have much luck. Another 3 stores later, and we FINALLY found something that wasn't super spendy, or super dorky...
Apparently when the little blood sucker bit Leah's cheek, an opportunistic bacteria squirmed its way in too. That unexpected bacteria caused an immunological response around my little girl's eye. Oh, and I know exactly what happened ... what cells were fighting, how they were doing it, why it was happening (because I work in an immunology lab), but I don't think you came here for a science lesson. They deemed her eye as being ok, and put her on antibiotics to make sure an infection didn't happen.
Guess what I joined??? I joined A PriorFatGirl’s Steppin’ It Up Challenge! For the next two weeks, I am committed to "stepping it up" and being active! I joined the "mixed cardio" category and am logging all of my miles traveled via walking, running, biking, elliptical, and stairmaster!
1:00pm: picked up our boat from the marina after it was in for service, threw the bikes in a boated home.
We had a wonderful time, and if my NEVs (non-existant viewers) ever have the chance to see them DO IT. It’s such a great show! They’ll be in the States soon so buy tickets. Warped Tour perhaps?
I want to stay in the yellow.
Mariah is now positioned as the only active recording artist in the 52 years of the Hot 100 (which began in 1958) with the potential to surpass the Beatles’ all-time high of 20 #1 hits.
What I am seeking to demonstrate is that those who mock anyone who questions Obama's eligibility and claim the matter has been resolved are very wrong. The matter has most certainly not been resolved, very far from it.
And there is extra magical energy available for everyone and anyone who chooses to tap into this wellspring of miracles will see their dreams come true. This is such an abundant Universe, truly believe there is enough for everyone and there is. All of you have seen magic happen, believe that you deserve it for yourself as well.
That is Mr. Creative in the middle singing! We told our friend singing next to him that if he keeps letting his hair and beard grow, he is going to be a ZZ Top impersonator! Regardless of looks, those are a great group of guys! Thanks for the fun!!
Who is on the education task force of ALEC? The members of the task force as of July 2011 are here. Several members represent for-profit online companies, including the co-chair from Connections Academy; many members come from for-profit higher education corporations. There is someone from Jeb Bush’s foundation, as well as right-wing think tank people. There are charter school representatives, as well as Scantron. And the task force includes a long list of state legislators, from Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
shutting down all unused Accounts, You will have to
“You can watch movies and television shows.”
XIII. Payments and Statements
Steve Rogers: Trust me, it wasn’t that great.
What We Bought
Like that amazing killer sweaty goodness after hot yoga. Or a sick spin session. Or a stellar run. I live for them all.
i wonder if i could just get this and marry myself. ha! anthropolgie... you and your dreamy marketing campaigns. *shakes fist*
You can see examples of my main website’s custom index.php page and custom search.php page to get a feel for how these can be customized. The index page features huge excerpts and graphics, while the search results excerpts are shorter, but look similar in design.
2. Using an electric whisk whisk the egg whites in a large bowl on a low speed until stiff peaks form. Slowly whisk in the cream of tartar and caster sugar, increasing the speed of the whisk as the mixture stiffens. The mixture should look smooth and glossy.
It was liberating.
Marti: "I'm going to the computer."
However, as he spoke, reports were coming in of a deadly car bombing close to a church in the Nigerian city of Kaduna.
more than ready for the long summer holidays!
Pours a fairly deep red, almost brown, with a nice tan head that stays. Smells like a pretty strong pale, with grassy hops and a sweeter than normal malt for an amber/red.
They then finished with Dum Mast Qalandar, which just oozed energy – it was at this point that you could almost feel Ustad Ji on stage with them. By the end Rahat Ji had 12,000 people on their feet!
When Lisa and Nathan became adults they chose the theatre as careers, Nathan as an up and coming actor and Lisa the prop girl. In between scenes Nathan nosed around and found the prop room and that is where he found Lisa. It was love at first sight and so marriage was eminent.
Who chooses red as her signature color
Regardless, their complaints are not falling on deaf ears, but not sympathetic ears from my stand point.
Using my Cuttlebug and the Swiss Dots embossing folder, I embossed a background for my card to give it some elegant, but simple texture. I added some beautiful crocheted Noelle lace from Really Reasonable Ribbon and framed my images with a Spellbinders die. Easy, but pretty!
As such, they rally around the issue of how billionaire investor Warren Buffett is taxed compared to his secretary. They claim that the federal tax code is so infiltrated by the influences of the affluent that Buffett’s secretary Debbie Bosanek pays more than Buffett does, and they demand that Congress take action to resolve the discrepancy.
Monday - BBQ tuna steaks, sweet potato fries, salad and mango mayonnaise (We already had this and it was delish!)
I think having everything color coded just made following this plan so much easier.
But let’s just say that socialist is just a label. And you know how much modern liberals hate labels! So instead of the hateful label of socialist, let’s take a look at what their platform says! They ran on 25 concise points. Once again, let’s go to the source of all absolute correct knowledge in the world! WIKIPEDIA!!! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Socialist_Program
Next I want to share with you some of the layouts I have been creating lately. This first one is using some Brand New GCD Studios papers that came all the way from CHA. I have a lot of fun creating this layout, there is so much depth to it.
Sudhir Kakkar and Bhikhu Parekh have also tried to understand and explain Gandhi’s sexuality and his experiments with brahamcharya; the former providing a psychoanalytic frame and the later seeking to draw our attention to the relationship between spiritual potency and political power.
RAFAEL DINGLASAN, Judge of First Instance of Manila, and JOSE P. BENGZON, Fiscal of City of Manila,respondents.
Bucephalas snorts as he passes me.
rum kill mih whole family.
I could sleep on a train,
East, start caring about the Holy Bible, the mere belief
The fact that you are born a prince does not mean you will become a king. They say there is no royal road to success. The elders will tell you; princes have become slaves before because they fail to work.
a 250g tub of mascarpone cheese
Jónas seems at times to live in a hinterland between the harsh reality of his life in 17th century Iceland—the deaths of three of his children and the communal frenzy that resulted in the slaughter of a group of Basque fishermen—and an esoteric hinterland, grounded in nature but which shimmers into other worldliness.
Dig it? Share it. Then register for AdVerve's weekly datablast. That means stuff like this -- as well as fan mail, 5 Minutes With..., quotes, enraged rants from you -- will come straight to your inbox every week* (usually Fridays, but we're workin' on getting it out sooner). That's in addition to a direct link to play the show, from wherever you are, even if (for reasons we can't understand) you don't have iTunes.
I had a few of these charms left over from another project I made so used them up on these. I stamped the background using a Marion Emersion stamp and then the sentiment from PTI. I fixed the charms in place using some seam binding - my new favourite thing at the moment.
I remember looking at the Knowmads student bios before I applied and those sorts of thoughts popping into my head. Then when I saw Filippa’s bio, someone I knew before Knowmads, I thought her bio was as cool as everyone else’s. Since I already knew she was cool (she can pull off wearing her grandma’s clothing and go to Mexico without speaking the language just because she can), I knew my ‘dorky coolness’ could hang with her ‘coolness.’ But frankly I didn’t care if people saw me as cool or not, I just wanted to be DOING cool stuff.
And because of all these amazing dramas, I decided to recap 2 more dramas. Rooftop Prince and Queen In hyun’s Man.
I understand that UST is not perfect, that it has lapses, is uber-Catholic that some people won’t like, but trampling UST like a rag is just NO. As for Thomasians squatter ang ugali? Seriously???? Has she (Beni) befriended or encountered any Thomasian? I have Thomasian friends and so far, they are not as squatteric as what she claims to be. Baka siya ang squatter, hitsura pa lang, 100% squatter.
Contact the police if cyberbullying involves acts such as:
She got a little distracted with christmas preparations so didn't quite finish Lucy and the handbag, but now she knows how quick and simple it is, I am sure Alfie won't be without his owner for very long.
Playto, the Playosopher of Life at Loving U.
Anyway, it works out well for me, b/c I saw some great local guys go at it in the ring (no homo), and then made it a B-Line to one of my friends' house for a midnight brunch, pretty cool. And then the next night Jon Jones blasts this dude and is ready to take on the best in the UFC. And even better, tomorrow night we've got my favorite fighter Anderson Silva taking on Chael "the Mouth" Sonnen. Loving life.
And they told me I don't need to worry.
The Daily Mail's findings reveal that at least 2 most wanted militant, being persuaded by the Pakistan Defence Forces in the tribal belt that connects the nuke powered Pakistan with the war ravaged Afghanistan, after being badly hit by the Pakistani troops, managed to get evacuated to Afghanistan in very safe and composed manner.
Pulling up to the guard window, I handed over my U.S. passport to a thick-necked and balding watchman.
There having been several meetings that members in his constituency have called to try to have Derek Clark removed the membership under his control has so collapsed and the activists left in disgust that eventually he plucked up the courage to hold a poorly advertised meeting of the rump in Nottingham this week, where he made a complete fool of himself.
And my heart breaks. It breaks for the adults who have spent so much of their life’s currency in the desert years. It breaks for the young ones who don’t see all the beauty and possibility shining in their lives. And it breaks a bit for the sense that somehow, life is all backwards. That we spend the front half of our lives getting good and messed up, and then spend the back half of our lives unraveling the mess, all the while laughing at the twisted irony of it all: we were never really messes to begin with. We just thought we were. We thought we were too short, too tall, too skinny, too fat, too loud, too quiet, too smart, too dumb, too much, not enough. Other.
On a more personal note, IT SURE IS HARD TO BLOG WHEN YOU ARE WITH A FOUR YEAR OLD 24/7! I get so frustrated sometimes, I start jonesing for my blog and I just can't get to it. But don't think I'm complaining, I love being at home with her. (I just wish she would take long daily naps!)
*Sign up (on the right) for E-mail Updates and you'll always be e-mailed any new posts & updates added to the site! This includes upcoming Television Original Movies, Movie Reviews, and any news on Upcoming Christmas Movies, etc...! You can also sign up as a Follower or Sign Up in other Readers/Feeds!
Columbus used on top of the 1-0 guide going into the third. The actual Potential predators reacted with a target coming from Weber One:19 in the 3 rd Jonathon Blum at 6:20 to take a 2-1 lead.
Don't be surprised if you don't see any reference to Hammer in the credits. Falcon, the production company, was one of Hammer's subsidiaries and for financial reasons the powers that be decided to erase any reference to its far more famous parent company.
also requested service contractors and installers report the number of inspections and remediations undertaken for a water heater back to the distributor where it was purchased. The manufacturing year is located in letters five through eight of the 16-digit serial number (Example: XXXX2008XXXXXXXX).
The keyboard sounds distinctive to Merry-Go-Rounds was created as we prepared for the first album. In the early stages of the band, we all liked acoustic folk rock/chamber pop like Belle & Sebastian or Tindersticks and also indie rock like The Rentals or Quasi. Our favorite was also BMX Bandits and Teenage Fanclub, the ones founded on C-86. So before recording our album, numerous styles were all mingled together. I played both electric and acoustic guitar, and the keyboard used various timbres of synthesizer like Electric Piano, Rhoads Piano and Organ. But as we’ve decided on making an album, we started studying the styles of music focused more on the "roots" of the music so as not to produce just common modern rock. And Sung Moon Lee from Cavare Sound suggested making music centered on the unique keyboard sounds. Sanbi purchased the effector from Moog, and fell in love with the psychedelic sounds from the keyboard, somewhat reminiscent of The Doors. So we all agreed on the direction towards the acoustic band with special emphasis on distinguishing keyboard sounds.
“You must bring to the Lord as the penalty for your sin a female from the flock, either a sheep or a goat. This is a sin offering with which the priest will purify you from your sin, making you right with the Lord.” Leviticus 5:6
So why do we evaluate all managers as if they were alpha managers?
Alex Solis, Jockey
by the name of the product you can obviously deduct that this foundation is water based, deep-sea water from the Ohotsuku Sea to be exact. it is choked full of skin loving ingredients like jojoba seed oil, olive squalane, and the ever popular shea butter. i highly recommend reading the description on koh gen do's official website, they have fancy diagrams and very appealing descriptions. being water based, this foundation is very fluid as well as unscented. it is sheer but buildable. i normally use 1.5-2 pumps to cover my entire face. this does have an SPF of 15.
Cream the butter and sugar. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix until well combined. Add the baking powder, baking soda, and cocoa and stir until well combined. Add the flour and stir until just mixed.
Some of the public thanked the quartet with a standing ovation. Others, who had already sat wiggling or yawning during a large part of the performance, could not leave fast enough. They hurried away – missing the short encore the quartet played.
This beautiful butterfly tag was tied on the package. I love butterflies and Celebrate Spring was the swap theme. My six for six ATCs were wrapped in a lovely sheet of scrapbook paper...hmmm future projects.
Written with thanks to Three Word Wednesday for the word prompts of “draft, locate, serenity”. It’s been a while since a poetry prompt was helpful to me but this one really was, I think.
He added that lawmakers play a key role in scrutinising policies and programmes to ensure they have a positive impact for both people and the state.
Personally I have tried to care less about The Logies but I just can’t. With three girls in the house I only get to watch a lot of Sponge Bob Square Pants and ABC3 so I’m probably a bit out of step with current televisual trends and couldn’t pick most celebs out of a Police line up stacked with Oompah-Loompahs. But I do know beer.
How liberating though to admit the things I'm just not very good at!?
We obviously couldn't stay at the state park so we had to find another spot. We ventured right down the highway to try a county park we had not visited in years.
Don’t put up the walls
I am excited to share One for the Murphys here today. In a post later today, Lynda will share her own thoughts reading with her children. The sign of a good book? I want to start buying a copy for many of my friends (Talia, a copy is on it's way to you already!).
I worked in this area 17 years ago and it was well-known then that young “gangstas” carried guns. In fact the notorious killing of a young Black girl by her brother happened in Aston. (4)
my beautiful friends, rocking our “burnt cinnamon” colored staff shirts.
Take care all, luv 'n' hugs
today is his last day being 2.
God’s eternal purpose for us is to be in Christ. Part of being in Christ is that we stand blameless before Him – Ephesians 1:4 & Rom 8:1, and because Christ is in us, Christ is our sanctification and purity – 1 Cor 1:30! And because we have pure hearts in Christ – Eze 36:26-29, we shall see God – Jesus Christ!!!!
My friend E called a few minutes ago. Seems her husband was at their calf barn, located on a busy road, getting ready feed their calves. Three hunters stopped and something happened between them and her husband. We don't know what. The Sheriff didn't say.
MASON (as if reciting poetry)
“We are confident that we can solve the problem of obesity and promote good nutrition and health for all Americans and stand ready to work with New York City to achieve these goals," Vilsack said.
Deep Relax Bath & Shower Oil 7.5ml (I will be using this Xmas eve)
Mofokeng said the line was being cleared and would be assessed to ascertain whether it was safe to operate Friday's morning peak train service. - SAPA
*it's a seriously awesome job opportunity
1/2 tspn cardamom powder
As you probably know, Mr Williams is an extremely dangerous man. He would not think twice about your life, and will certainly silence anyone who has had contact with him and could testify against him in a court of law. He always covers his tracks, which is why he has been so difficult to hunt down.
Oh ,wow. Like I said, I wrote the first draft of KATANA in ’07 or ’08 (I can’t believe I can’t remember-lol). I didn’t initially seek out publication because I honestly didn’t believe that, as a person without a college background in writing, had a chance of getting her book published.
This is a big weekend for Gene. He turned three score a few days ago and on Sunday, he’s running the New York City Marathon. I called to wish him a Happy Birthday, but a phone call seemed too ordinary to celebrate such a momentous occasion.
My kids have also been reading, writing, interacting with 3 generations of people, experiencing a culture that is noticeably different from the one they usually live in, exploring the resources of a house and city other than their own, watching TV and movies, exercising, watersliding (whole lot of physics at work at your local waterslide park!), doing random math-problems-with-a-purpose, and eating new foods. They’re also gaining experience in coping with loss (experience a protective mom might have preferred they wait a lifetime to gain), and they’re watching a variety of adults cope with loss in a variety of ways.
It's been exactly one year next week, when I was in NYC on the Gossip Girl Trip Win with my friend Belinda. We both feel in love with that place and we feel hard! I know I want to go back so badly! I have been entering every sweepstakes that offers NYC trip as a prize. In fact, I even went to Sephora on Thursday because they were offering a NYC prize in a promotion that was only open for three hours! It was also only open to their VIB (Very Import Beauty Insider) members, which I am. So I am keeping my fingers and toes crossed on that one! I would imagine the odds on that one are good, because of only having a three hour window open to enter and also only being open to a select group doesn't hurt either. The only negative about that night? I spent *way* too much money on Benefit cosmetics! I just love their make-up and I enjoy collecting the different sets that they come out with.
3. Louie Louie
Done and done.
Roots show who we really are and our philosophy can be re-learned by those genuinely interested.
Batman doesn’t let anyone get close to him and I believe that is because he tries to protect others from getting hurt. He won’t let himself have the pleasure of a “normal” life. He’s a man on a mission, and his mission, although it feeds into something on a personal level for him, does good for society.
I did, however, manage to get my lazy butt out of bed to see The Raven yesterday. I was pleasantly surprised. It is not a cinematic masterpiece, but it was worth the money. Also, it was sufficiently gruesome. Later I rented A Dangerous Method. It was pretty good, too. I enjoyed the acting, which is saying something. I would recommend both.
But at the end of the day? It's okay. It will take another year or two maybe, but what's a few years if you end up with a story you're proud of? Hey, If you sing loud enough, you won't hear yourself screaming.
I saw your sweet face for the first time.
i bet you smell as fine as you are ;)
I would ask you not to, for in evaluating this massive piece of storytelling that has unfolded on American TV screens in the last six years, there is a job to be done – a job I can only but begin in a short, accessible post and will try to do with a minimal amount of spoilers. It is the magnanimous task of separating myth from character, a job accomplished to near perfection by the creative team behind Lost, but perhaps not so well by a few viewers and devotees.
I heard one of the next Betty MacDonald Fan Club Newsletter stories are about our beloved Betty MacDonald Fan Club Honor members Monica Sone, Darsie Beck and Gwen Grant.
There's motors an' traffic an' racket an' horns;
Just so you know that I am still here. I have not fallen out of the “blogosphere.” I am not dead.
2. My Little Corner of The World- http://dlwagner.blogspot.com/ – I had picked David’s blog because of his hilarious post for the letter A, you have to check it out!
Without my wings, I feel so small
Shu lost everything. His supporters, his friends, his arm, his power, his belief in Gai as being good and on his side… fucking everything. Even Inori is kinda fucked here. This is the lowest point for Shu in the entire story. He is in deep emotional and physical pain. His cries are absolutely anguished, choked from the shock.
Last year, someone I valued very highly came back into my life after a long absence, and she began to ask me the questions that illuminated the labyrinth I had built for myself. She began to gently nudge me towards the light again. She reminded me of what I had once been. She reminded me that I was a writer… and that I still am, no matter how deeply hidden in the shadows it is.
Our apartment is now completely covered in scaffolding and there is a layer of green netting over it. The light that comes in has a distinct green tinge and it's not exactly enlivening. I makes me just want to stay in bed.
I grill outdoors year 'round. If you prefer to cook indoors, asparagus can be roasted in the oven, single layer on a sheet pan lined with foil, at a high temp (450 F.) for approx. 15 - 20 mins or until a char crust develops.
This is why:
7. Tragedy (Ballard) 4:48
But let’s just say no one’s perfect, and dropping your kids off in a suburban shopping district and expecting them to deal is not the same as driving them into the Mojave and leaving them with a half-filled bottle of Vitamin Water.
It's the rest of it that I'm unsure about, and a lot of it I need to get done in the next two weeks.
Do you notice how the two aren’t similar? Yes, it’s because what you’re doing is a logical fallacy. It’s called a false analogy. You compared two things that aren’t the same to each other in order to make an argument.
However, not only are our workers competing against cut price workers, our economies are competing against cut price economies and we can’t survive unless we start treating our populations in the same way that the “successful” nations like Brazil and India treat the poor wretches in their slums and sweatshops.
Illumine our darkness with the radiance of Christ,
Yes people, that is actually where we are and what we are still up against. The first graph is roughly comparing the upward sloping part of the red line against the upward sloping part of the brown line (the 2001 recession and recovery) on a total number of job basis instead on of a percentage of jobs basis, and trying to get you to think that we are better off in this recovery than we were in the 2001 recovery, which of course is utter nonsense.
It is "Say Anything", so be sure and make a project with a Title or sentiment or anything to do with words :) This will be a 1 week challenge and you will have until Next thursday night to enter! Please be sure to go to her blog to link up your project for the challenge.
As for the onesie, to this day I have never taken my daughter out in one. She always adorns the headband with a matching outfit. I, on the otherhand, can’t always find the time to have my best face on!
He said he was probably about 12 years old and he remembers they had a hard time making a living because there was no rain. It was "terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible." He said people were "going to California in droves", but no one he knew personally. They were "going to try to get work. They'd lost everything they had. Maybe they had a few dollars, so they headed to California and maybe on the way they had to find work." They'd stop for a little while and earn a little more money to continue on their way to California. "The dust was really bad," he repeated several times.
Well, a bit. Have been watching some videos, and following discussions about old milongueros, people like Tete, about how musical they are and how their posture is the way it is because they are, you know, old milongueros, caring more about the connection then what they look like, and, well, let´s face it, they are also quite old, so I guess they can´t be expected to stand perfectly straight and their movements simply aren´t as sharp and elegant as they might have been in their youth (although – you saw how Gavito danced, just a few months before his death? he must have been ill and everything, but as straight and elegant as you can imagine, with unfailing precision of movement; I don´t know how he did it.. of course, he was el grande Gavito.. just a thought).
I came across a blog post by Swift To-Do List that I thought was interesting. The blog called ‘5 Counter-Intuitive Productivity Tips’ gives tips that make use of those laws behind the way we work. The first tip: Make sure your work is left unfinished is based on the Ziegarnik effect (see The Value of Focus). Another tip: Work less to get more done, is based on the studies that suggest humans work best in blocks of time and that you need to take a break in between those periods of focused work. I enjoyed the article and I encourage you to check it out for the rest of the tips.
Marty: "Lorraine, what are you doing?! You shouldn't drink or smoke!"
Today I take responsibility for my finances.
Plan for and make staffing or technology changes to suit customer needs - it may be painful but necessary.
As my dreams then disappeared
Another thing I have done is glue the completed puzzle together and frame it. Then they have memories to go with it. This puzzle was given to me from a dear friend in university. And it was framed by the handyman whom I house-sat for when they were down south in weather like this. It has been on one wall or another for two decades:
Unlike some websites, Nasri doesn’t have to read the “terms and conditions” of the contract. All he needs to see that part that shows £xxx,xxx then the _____ part on the right hand side.
We had family staying with us over the weekend. We took them to a cafe at the beach for morning tea before they hit the road for the drive back to Melbourne.
'In making these changes, we are ensuring fairness between all of our customers, whether they are leaving or remaining in our with profits fund.'"
Why shirts but not pants? I don't know, but I think it's ok for teddy bears.
When your children are struggling and they remain under your roof, one has a false sense of being able to control the struggle. You continue to release them, but somehow you feel you can cushion the blow.
"Ye did well boy, I'm proud of ya indeed. You'll make some little pup very happy. You're a good dog with a big heart".
Wörtwurst
Dark eyes blinked, then quickly studied the young Flox’s upturned face. Relaxing into a smile, Morven’s keeper inquired, “What’s put stars in your eyes this time, lambkin? Did you finally find what you were so mysteriously looking for the other day?”
A rather interesting piece of journalism caught my eye over at the Manchester Asian News today. It seems that in an attempt to butter (or should that be "ghee") up the local police force, "senior police officers", "members of the police authority and the police federation" and the local community were "invited", along with former Lord Mayor Councillor Afzal Khan and the consul general from the Consulate General of Pakistan in Manchester, Saif ur Rehman Khan, to "a bit of a do".
Next up is to get busy with Grandma's Garden...my 2012 offering for the LJF Annual Rug Project...I'll be back with pics soon...and hope you will follow along as the rug progresses. There are a few kits still available if you'd like to join the fun...click on the banner down over on the left side for more information...or give me a holler...
But in 1925, Harry had a leggy teenage stage assistant who emerged from a large mock-up of a radio and did the Charleston. Dorothy Young was with the Houdini tour for little more than a year before she went on to a career in dance, onstage and in movies. Liz Taylor has monopolized the headlines this week (and rightly so) but I saw Young’s obituary in the Times and it spilled a new secret about Harry. Houdini swore Young to secrecy, to never to divulge any of behind-the-scenes preparations. And so there is much about the world’s greatest magician that will never be known. Dorothy Young, a shy seventeen-year old spotted by Houdini at a casting call, died last week at a retirement home in New Jersey. She was 103 years old. I hope she’s dancing right now with her partner, Gilbert Kiamie, in Rumbalero Heaven…where, I do believe, the magic never ends.
Last night Pam had dreamt of it, pictured the ivy spreading and creeping towards the house, reaching out for the kitchen wall. She’d seen herself standing at the kitchen sink, watching the tendrils snake in under the window sill, pulling the window open, crawling towards her. The images had frightened her and disturbed her sleep, perhaps that’s why Jack had left her dozing in bed this morning, why he’d gone off to visit his brother without saying goodbye.
So I re-downloaded the (free) LoseIt! app (yeeees, re-downloaded, get off my back already) and set myself a goal. The app calculates your goal into a daily allotment of calories and that’s it! You find your foods, track them (and their calories) in a sort of food diary and then you weigh in to see how it’s progressing. The one magical thing is that you choose how much you want to lose and then…
Sauces & Condiments like mustard etc (individual sachets are good, ask Macdonald's if you can have some
What did I do before YouTube? Oh, that's right. I watched stupid crap on cable.
You see, when I first rediscovered the cards-my-mom-almost-threw-out and brought them to my home, I got a real thrill out of ...
My immediate thought:
-Jamie
I might still be ruining Mom's recipes, but at least I've learned how to at least make a recipe look like hers along the way. I used the same vegetables and sauce ingredients, but made it Mom 2012 style by cutting the fat in a big way.
"Surely you must know where they can be found, my child."
Stephen W. Smith is the co-founder and spiritual director of Potter’s Inn, a ministry devoted to spiritual formation and the care of the soul. As a frequent speaker and retreat leader, he has committed himself to the spiritual growth and transformation of individuals, couples, churches and organizations. Previously he has planted and led churches in North America and Europe. He also served as adjunct professor of preaching at Tyndale Theological Seminary in Badhovedorp, The Netherlands. He is the author of six books, including The Lazarus Life, Living the Lazarus Life, Soul Custody and Soul Shaping. Stephen and his wife, Gwen, reside in Colorado.
21-15-9 Reps For Time::
After lunch we had a March of Dimes fundraiser at CiCi’s pizza but I don’t think we did very well. We didn’t have a great turnout of people we know and we got in trouble for telling people walking in to the restaurant to mention the March of Dimes. oh well. We tried!
1/3 cup cream (or additional water)
In closing, I suggest we toast 2011 with the realization that we're all pretty great. Let's get ready to rock it with positive changes and true self-love.
Row 16- sc in each sc and ch around. (60)
Whether Youppi’s curse is fact or fiction, this story seems to interest people even today. The myth of the curse has remained with Youppi and continues to make people question as to whether the curse was really unleashed and if Youppi spreads his ‘ magic ‘ at every home game. What is known is that when you mix propaganda, facts, and hype you get a story that can be exciting. It all really comes down to one question. Do you believe in the curse of Youppi ?
I find these endlessly occurring divisions to be nothing short of futile when the main commonality that we all share is that we love, accept and cherish our children, teenagers and adults with or without Autism.
Fermented with McCoy's house ale yeast; cellared 2 months
Yes, I was wrong to check her boobs. I mean, I myself had none even when I reached 21, so I asked her if I could see what I had been missing. It was my first time for Pete’s sake (not you). Should he be so mean to me? Was it necessary for him to drag me into the woods and shoot me?
His Place Church of Westminster, California to Host First Nationwide
~ We found a new source for raw cows milk. It is Jersey milk with lots of cream that we have totally been enjoying! My parents are also now getting enough goats milk to share so we are pretty happy with all our good for us milk! I have been researching cheese making more and really want to try my hand and more varieties of cheese this year. I am interested in trying hard cheeses.
Juli
He shall not be diminished, never;
No matter what you say or do
-I would protect and preserve __________ at any cost.
Eyes: Blue
Tt Talus (scree/rock, not the bone)
if I hardly breathe,
Remove chicken breasts from pan and pour sauce into a blender or food processor with remaining tablespoon of butter. Pour sauce over chicken and serve.
My favourite print overall would have to be the first one as it has contrast and shows more detail in it. I am hoping to use a traditional medium format camera soon to capture some really nice detail in the photographs.
I pray you understand that I was unable to get a page done for today. It's been a super busy week with a lot going on. His words to each of you are most important anyway! I pray that you will meditate on the scriptures I posted above or even read them with your family this week. Be blessed as you read and live for Him each and every day!
So for this reason, My T13 is things that I am looking forward to.
The second one, to Miss May Carey of Tunkhannock, New York, may have been sent in an envelope. The message reads:
And now, lovely Ohio is cold again. What a bummer.
Other options: If you are not much of a sewer, you could also adjust the hem only or lower the drapery rod by 1". If you like the topper idea, you could always just add some fabric (without the additional inch) to window treatments you already have and for which you want a new look. (To address a comment on my previous drapery post: I don't consider this a lot of work, since I've been sewing since I was 10 yrs. old. I'd much rather zip these up then spend time shopping for the "perfect" window treatment!)
"I can't give you hard, empirical, scientific evidence! What's gotten into you?!"
Anyone who has a sudden fever, chills, or tender, swollen lymph nodes within a week of visiting a known plague area should see a doctor immediately, officials advised.
I acquired this plant in 2006 from LEWIS BAMBOO via mail order back in March, 2006. I purchased TWO plants at the time & the area we are standing in front of represents the growth since then of just ONE plant. Like most "running bamboo", the SASA PALMATA is an "aggressive grower" each year & must be "controlled" if it is to remain ... "tamed". Thankfully this can be done with a lawnmower; cutting down the new growth as it appears in the Spring. Older growth can be removed/thinned with a "weed eater".
The worst punishment a school can receive is something called the “Death Penalty.” This means that a school, no matter what Division they are a part of, cannot compete in a certain sport for an entire year. It has only been implemented five times, including twice for basketball programs. If this trend of recruiting violations continues to increase, punishments may start to be become more severe.
and the guy with coupons
But anyway, say she does somehow “see” him going someplace “dangerous.” What can she do to “help”? Send a guided missile? Shake in her shoes? Pray?
That is just an hours worth of observing life like I was leaving the planet tomorrow. Last week when I did "last day here", i was hypnotized by an out of place that of cane growing behind the Sonic and the wind was causing it all to blow in circles but in opposite directions why the sun light beating down it is made it appear to me outlined in silver.
Seriously? We're supposed to believe this, because of what this guy says a ticket agent told him when he was selected for extra screening? Occam's razor, anyone? The moral of the story: the terrorist watch list is really annoying. It should be handled much better, if it all. However, you lose all your credibility to address the actual problems if you complain about situations like these that are very likely exaggerations. Show a little skepticism, people!
Sliding his police cruiser sideways into the parking lot of the hospital, Kevin bailed out of the cruiser and ran to the nurse’s deck. On the verge of passing out Kevin screamed, “I’ve been shot in the back!” Dramatically, contrary to her usual character, the nurse jumped from her chair screaming “Doctor! Doctor!” She grabbed a wheelchair and reach for Kevin’s arm. “Sit down.” She said urgently. As Kevin tried to sit, the pain was more than he could bear. “I can’t!” He grabbed his back as these words left his mouth. The nurse held onto Kevin’s arm as they slowly walked to the examination room.
You, too, find yourself in a parallel universe – hell, probably another planet – manifesting as a mid-Atlantic university campus with something like 32,000 students. The students aren’t necessarily midgets, but they do have quirky rituals, like attempting to knock back 21 shots on their twenty-first birthdays, plagiarizing Rhetoric papers, and wearing shorts in below-freezing temperatures.
house and shot the three men dead,”
Dave was also a commenter, and I was led to believe that he offered Jane help and support through her difficult times. I thought highly of Dave because he had been so caring and supportive of Jane.
PEED.
OK, I'm off to bury my Woeful head in shame. Loving and giving? Well, I did try!
Summary:
As soon as the planner was downloaded I dove into it with eager anticipation... until I discovered it was 614 pages long!! WHAT? Are you KIDDING me? I didn't know whether to be ecstatic or scared. I never ever expected to see that many pages in a planner! What in the world was included in this thing? I knew right then that I could have NEVER come up with anything even close to this on my own. Not in the remaining 10 years I have left of homeschooling! Who has the time?!
Orange Soda. I used to drink orange soda all the time. For some reason, I thought it was good. That’s probably because Kel Mitchell looooooved it… and I looooved Kel Mitchell. However, after he disappeared, so did orange soda. But where did it go? They, like, don’t sell it in vending machines anymore…
Another Tuesday is here to say hello...and let me tell you, it's a HOT one here in SLC Utah today! It's so amusing to me how "bi-polar" the weather in this state truly is. One day you have snow, then spring weather, now summer weather, in a few days were back down to the 60's with rain everyday. Hmmm..peculiar.
First-Go to the My Memories website and choose your favorite digital paper pack or element pack. Come back to my blog and leave a comment on THIS post letting me know which one you liked the most. Doing this will give you one entry into the drawing.
Do not hasten in your spirit to be angry, For anger rests in the bosom of fools.
So many of my Blogger Friends have this award already so I'd like to award it to the People's Friend Magazine 'cos, you know, it IS a Friendly Friend.
On November 24th, I brewed what I call a Winter Saison, with a starting gravity of 1.074 / 18 degrees Plato. I used two yeast varieties. One home-slanted variety that I've used before, and an actual wine yeast, namely Wyeast Bordeaux. They are still very active, even though I've transferred to secondary fermentation. At the time of the transfer, the gravity had been reduced to a specific gravity of 1.032 (or 8 degrees Plato).
‘Foxy’ Foxglove on the other hand couldn’t care less about sub-zero temperatures. This is one of two still living in the garden that I grew from seeds last winter. They survived the Florida heat and are now relishing the cooler and even the colder temps. In case you haven’t tried these in your Florida garden I can tell to go for it, but forget the first spring – unless maybe if you got them in the ground early, say, in October after the weather breaks. That may give them enough time to develop into a blooming plant in the first spring, but I have a feeling that their second season will still be better. Some of mine bloomed last year (what a thrill!), but it was hot by then, and they didn’t have the height or form that the seed packet represented. This young flower stalk looks exciting.
4:51 - Work on ladies' newsletter Sisterhood Sentinel
Jolie Boudreaux patted her grandmother’s back in consolation as the old woman who had raised her cried in mourning and frustration. Her grandmother, Maman Nettie, was crying because of a notice she received in the mail from the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Department. The letter simply stated that she owed $275 to them for a ticket that had been given to her husband three months ago for fish that were too small to keep. Jolie’s papa was a fisherman and trapper and he didn’t care much for the laws that stated which animals he could or couldn’t catch. He was only concerned about feeding his family and making enough money to keep them comfortable. So when he was caught by the Game Warden with the silver tub full of illegally small catfish he didn’t tell anyone. He hadn’t intended on paying the fine. The problem now was that Jolie’s papa was dead. He had died about two months ago and her maman was still mourning him. To be honest, so was Jolie. Her papa had been responsible for teaching her so much about hunting, fishing, gardening, and life in general. He had loved her and she loved him. In her eyes, he was a man to be revered. So she would defend him to the death—even though logically she knew he was wrong about the fish.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to see atrocities such as the gulf oil spill and then turn a blind eye toward distractions of a more entertaining nature, thus never following through with a sustainable solution and/or a correction for all living beings threatened and/or murdered due to the negligence of the human nature of man through the direction of and as the mind as consciousness.
On a positive note, you have a great stride. And if you had committed a crime, I bet you could have outrun your pursuers. Nicely done.
Despite the fact we live in a society that has at most only 4% who self-describe themselves as atheists, the more active among them have the audacity to demand that Christmas be banished to the privacy of homes or the pews and pulpits of churches. They rebuke religion in general as the source of conflict and wars, but ignore the spiritual support and ethical lessons that Christianity provides along with its promise of salvation.
If you like hot & spicy and chillies, definitely you will try this recipe…similar to nando’s periperi chicken, it is marinated with lots of fresh chilli peppers, dried chillies, mix herbs, lemon and complimented by a garlic & paprika chilli rice…wheewww!!! ready your cold beer or water, because this meal will definitely heat you up this winter…..
Students using MAC OS wireless printing will need to talk to the Student ICT help desk on Level 1 to help with set up.
In a prior article I discussed how You Will Earn a Fortune. We discussed the need to save part of what your earn to ensure a successful retirement, however few Canadians actually do.
And, of course, he came right to the big leagues and had otherworldly moments there too. He allowed one single in six innings his first start. In his first full year, he struck out twelve in six innings against Montreal. Then, of course, in 2003 he had a postseason for the ages, making five starts, compiling a 2.11 ERA, and capping it off with the World Series MVP he won by throwing a complete game, five-hit, nine-strikeout shutout in Yankee Stadium to clinch the game. It was one of greatest games anyone had ever pitched in the World Series.* And Beckett was 23 at the time.
is never enough to
Our original plan was to purchase a home here in Germany. A process that soon became nightmarish. Not impossible, but dreadful none the less. After two months of visiting numerous banks and viewing multiple homes, we eventually found a house and a bank that was willing to finance it.
Debora Sinibaldi
And I presume you noticed that in all three cases above, the relationships featured White men and Black women. Extra kudos for that, since most often when we do see these relationships, it is Black men and White or Hispanic women. So good to see Black women getting some attention in these cases.
You see, the Cabal wants people to think there is the vast fleet of benevolent ETs out in space battling the evil reptoids and grays and winning, that sun flares are destroying Cabal ships and whatnot. They want us to believe the good guys are winning in space and even on earth so that we will relax, let our guard down, go weak. Think of Kettler as a modern day Toyko Rose, sending out false info not on the air waves but online.
Cut to Sunday, December 5. Chef came over to spend Sunday with me, like he does every Sunday. He asked me what my friends think of him, and I mentioned that while they like him, they are more concerned with if I’m ready. He asked me, “Well, what do you think? Are you ready?” To which, I began to cry. And without really planning it completely, I told him I didn’t think I was ready. And I broke up with him.
The Obama campaign released its new campaign slogan Monday in a 7-minute video. The title card has simply the word “Forward” with the “O” having the familiar Obama logo from 2008. It will be played at rallies this weekend that mark the Obama re-election campaign’s official beginning.
Sunday, April 25, 2010
His passing was by all accounts an accident, but details are very few.
January 28, 2012
“I was just about to switch channels when the news weatherman gave a warning about a large swell creating a thunderstorm shooting across the state. All of a sudden the screen behind him caught my eye. Thankfully my husband was out with the children otherwise he would have felt more hung up about his manhood than he already is.”
But while giving the go-ahead for Saturday’s rally, his government ruled out the city centre, instead offering several stadium venues. Bersih has declined, saying demonstrating at the square was a basic right.
They scrounched around your leg, kinda like the slouch socks we all used to wear back in the day. It’s amazing, you know, that that’s what I remember: how BOMB my Aldo Frorino boots were when he dropped the bomb on me.
2 3/4 cups chicken broth
What a sweet, sweet relief.
Seniors:
What I like about Modnique is that they have a nice selection of items at budget friendly prices. They feature a “Deal of the Day” every day with a spectacular bargain-usually on a piece of jewelry. They also have a “make an offer” feature where right before a sale on something ends, they give you an option to make an offer. They usually only accept offers that are about $5-10 lower but that still saves you some money! What I don’t like is that the shipping takes FOREVER. I’ve never had a problem getting my items but it just takes a long time. I have returned something to Modnique because it didn’t fit and the return process was very smooth.
This was Bubba’s first dental exam and I was quite nervous about how it would go. When we stepped into the office he was afraid of Dr. Bob and kept hiding from him. After an hour he had become more comfortable and let Dr. Bob get down on the floor with him and play legos. We went to the chair and he sat on my lap while Dr. Bob checked and cleaned his teeth. He opened wide and cooperated the entire time while Dr. Bob sang “This is the way we brush our teeth”, “The Wheels on the Brush”, and “Five Little Teethies”.
A lot of crocheting.
I have been a member of Goodreads for a couple years now and enjoy reading in the evenings. Goodreads is a site that allows members to sign in and record the books they've read and get ideas for books they might want to read next. I have enjoyed Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove series lately and I love Janet Evanovich too. So the Novel Challenges site sparked my interest. There are several types of challenges that you can join and even earn prizes. I am going to join the "Finish a Series" challenge, the "European Reading" challenge which is like taking a tour of Europe (I signed up for 2 books) and the "Southern Literature" challenge ( I am going to read 2 books for this challenge). The challenges begin in January 2012 and end in December 2012 so you have a little while to check the sites out and sign up for a challenge or two! Please consider joining me and share your reviews of the books you read. Sounds like fun, don't you think? Of course I will still share my love of cards and scrapbooking if this isn't your cup of tea. (Boy that sounds good while reading in a comfy chair on a rainy day, doesn't it?) Reading is yet another interest of mine that I want to share with you. :-)
Breakdown of RSS subscribers as of October 2010 - (Feedburner/Google Reader: 3,185; Google Friend Connect: 511+; Facebook: 1,260)
9. ENJOY THE WEATHER WHILE YOUR WORKING.
Cross, N. (1999). Design Research: A disciplined conversation. Design Issues , 5-10.
tomato passata (optional)
Sarasota Sheriff’s deputies say
And These Little Canvas Blanks, A little Thread Spool & Antique Sewing Machine To Create My Own With! Thank You Lesley For The Inspiration! They Were Really Fun To Make!
Tracy xxxx
The questions asked on iPads I feel less enthusiastic about. Any visit to a museum sparks dozens of questions in my own mind that I’d rather discuss; though obviously germane to the displays, whether pets are preferable to wild animals isn’t really something I have an opinion about. I almost certainly fall into the category of over-involved as far as museums are concerned, though; and a good question can definitely be a spur to an interesting conversation.
The heroine Xylara takes pity on enemy prisoners, defying her brother’s orders to do so. When the enemy leader defeats her brother’s army, the conqueror’s demands are straightforward – Xylara as his slave, in exchange for peace. In order to save her people, she goes. But her “master” Keir isn’t what her brother has told her to expect. He treats her with respect, allowing her to practice her healing arts and make friends. Xylara finds herself drawn to the handsome warrior, as as she begins to see how the firelanders live, she begins to wonder if everything her brother’s told her is a lie…
History is festooned with links between Ireland and her exiles and the role of the Irish overseas in developments in Ireland has been at times vital. Cromwell roundly cursed the Irish overseas for their role in his major military setback in Ireland, Clonmel, in 1650.Some of the patriots deported to Australia after 1848 travelled later to Canada and the USA and obviously many families ended up in more than one location (indeed there is a story – presumably apocryphal – that Buffalo Bill was related to the legendary Australian outlaw, Ned Kelly, as a result of two sisters emigrating to different continents).
"Rogation Days are the four days set apart to bless the fields, and invoke God's mercy on all of creation. The 4 days are April 25, which is called the Major Rogation (and is only coincidentally the same day as the Feast of St. Mark); and the three days preceding Ascension Thursday, which are called the Minor Rogations. Traditionally, on these days, the congregation marches the boundaries of the parish, blessing every tree and stone, while chanting or reciting a Litany of Mercy, usually a Litany of the Saints" (1)
my scribbles are as pale as a watermark.
Here's how it looked after about 5 minutes of acid, and then wiped clean and dried. It's hard to see in the photo, but in real life, the patina on the galvanized steel looked better than the one on the zinc coated steel, so I decided to focus my efforts on that one (the smaller of the two).
But I’ll se him in anything so I’ll stand in line.
And made phone calls, or love, or flicked their lighters,
Answer from you heart. Smile at them, let them know you still care. But let them also know your answer, and you both can move on.
97. Ah.....am I really already struggling?? No..JK...I am just thinking about how awesome GLEE was this week. Yes, it was all about Madonna!! (Did you watch?? ...well, you are missin' out!)
Curriculum was totally new to me this year. My 4, 3 and 1 year old don't' require any obviously. But this is high school. This stuff counts. (In a "you have to complete this or don't get your diploma kind of way.") It all really counts no matter what you're doing. Even the non-school time counts. Is there really non-school time anyway? Life is school. My children are learning every day. They're gaining knowledge from books and experiences but they're also learning habits, character, morals, ways of thinking and more from the environment around them each and every day.
All that was before Skype.
1. Three MK ULTRA mind-controlled Super Solider Units hours before being activated and sent to Mars to battle the awakening of an ancient force a la Ghosts of Mars/Total Recall? or
This morning I did a speed work set on my bike with a group of folks. As I rode my bike home through my residential neighborhood, I noticed a driver approach an intersection, begin to roll through it, glance to his right and then pull out. He stopped his car 6 inches shy of hitting my bike (with my feet clipped into the pedals). This brush with an individual who had forgotten the basic rules of driving (10 and 2, look both ways, don’t hit people), reminded me that sometimes we forget to “look both ways” before plenty of things.
04. Purple Rain - Daniela Procopio / 3:49
A: No. I guess...well, I don't know...I mean...
1. The Song Is You
The e-mail further noted that the BSA had demanded “a dialogue” with the paper’s authors “that addresses our concerns about research’s intent, methodology, analysis and conclusion, in addition to its validity.” Yet as far as I could tell, the BSA did not challenge the accuracy of the data that the paper presented. I e-mailed BSA president Nana Asante to ask her if, in fact, she had any complaints about the accuracy of the paper’s data. She did not reply.
Signaling a growing movement toward direct political action among desperate western farmers, "Sockless" Jerry Simpson calls on the Kansas Farmers' Alliance to work for a takeover of the state government.
A solo expedition today due to the fact the daughter was at school and I wanted to be out in the sunshine and dry day rather than stuck in doors.
The stern was formed
Even – As You and I (US…Roger Barlow, Harry Hay, LeRoy Robbins)
And I finally start searching for you again in the end
-Unit of independent reading—women and world lit (some choices = Julia Alvarez, Edwidge Danticat, Isaak Dinesan, Chitra Banerjee, Zadie Smith, Monika Ali, Laura Esquivel, Isabel Allende, Leslie Marmon Silko, and others)
“Eh?” she grunted.
It's about how fans are interacting with your page.
“Infinite Love Without Fulfillment” opens Visions and packs a wallop with weaving witch house and electropop sounds mashed up. From the beginning, listeners are pleasantly exposed to Grimes’ vocal experimentation with her infectious melodies.
This view is supported by academics and terror analysts. "We will be excellent at reaction, but counter-intelligence is their Achilles' heal, because there are too many political appointees," says former naval officer and senior researcher at the SA Institute for International Affairs Frank van Rooyen.
fooled by the next maneuver to do it all over again.
On the plus side I have a nice, long neck, decent hair, a good smile if I can keep from spazzing, delicate shoulders, and great cleavage. My husband says I have a great behind, too. Unfortunately when I’m in public it’s usually planted in a wheelchair so I can’t really count it as an asset; pun intended.
So, while I may seem scattered, I would rather refer to myself as eclectically interested, eclectically interested with a purpose.
My fear is that if I make eye-contact with a Down Syndrome person they will talk to me, I won't understand them, and then I'll feel embarrassed. (Yes Virginia, this phobia is "all about me").
1 hiring
“You've caught me without my make-up, Darling,” he groaned, painfully easing himself down on the bed and pulling a loose cover up and around him. “Oh I'm sick... Poor ol' Marge is sick... not even a fucking filter since last night. And that wig is useless! Just makes me sad.”
Umm, not to brag, but both beers are pretty freaking good.
I decided to let y'all in on how to make one of your own!
Monday – Chest and Back (60 min), Ab Ripper (15 min)
by Todd Russell
I now have four days left to work before I stop practising. I have been trying to stop practising for about two years now and have been putting off the fateful day for one reason or another. Now that the end is in sight I feel a bit sad. However, there is, now, no going back as I have taken myself off the register from 31 December. In any case I need to be realistic, standing up for eight hours a day is a young person's game. When I was younger I used to stand up all day at work then stand up all night in the pub. Nowadays I rarely get to the pub, even when I am not working. I shall miss the staff that I have worked with but I will not miss the patients. I can live without the hysterics, tantrums and theatricals that relatives and patients sometimes subject us to. Life will be quieter and a little less colourful, but that is how I prefer it. Professional ethics prevent me from going into more detail here.
Easter is over and the short pre-electoral period is well under way. Politics has been a major Greek sport for ages – literally. Soccer and tavli come second with caffe frappe taking third place. We Greeks often manage to combine all three in one and then it is a real feast.
Any day that starts off by opening up the window to greet the day and proclaiming, “What is that stench?”, is going to be an interesting day.
The resemblance is pretty subtle, I guess, based on the leaves framing the eyes, but it is there nonetheless, and I doubt it was mere coincidence on the artist’s part. There are interesting questions on how this allusion might be read, and I think the flower over the feminine subject’s mouth is quite interesting and a nice comment on the novel, but I’m going to table those topics since there’s one more cover to get to.
a sea, a startlingly hot moist ingress that sparked
The day started out with an unexpected surprise. I was chatting online with a good friend of mine (whom I’ll call “L”) when she said she had a surprise ready for me and wanted to bring it over that day. She was pretty adamant that she bring it that day, which piqued my interest. So, about an hour or so later, she presented me with this lovely spirit box:
governing sky unsure of its mandate
Then, in a moment of lucidity I took the old colored key cover that is supposed to remind you that that is the key you are looking for and placed it on the new key for my own benefit intending to make things easy for myself.
Elle's Studio Blank Pennants
We are extremely proud to say that we are now 250+ members strong, and are closer than ever before in reaching our goal of opening Black Star Co-op. Our Craft Beer Celebration on April 20 was very successful and we gained over 50 members that night, plus at least ten more online that weekend. Thank you all for showing up, bringing friends, joining (if you hadn't already), and supporting Black Star Co-op! Check out www.blackstar.coop for more information about us.
We need an airport-improvement manifesto.
* Divide the dough into 7 balls. Roll out dough into 7 inch circle and cut into two.
The Black Mages: Zeromus
The story is told from the first person perspective of a variety of narrators. I sometimes find this type of writing to be clumsy, or to feel gimmicky and unnecessary. That was certainly not the case here. There wasn’t a word or phrase out of place, and the variety of voices gave the story a much more interesting and authentic feel.
Plastic spatula
There, participants will take to the streets of Calais to deliver random acts of kindness while holding various craft-related kindness activities, a fundraiser for juvenile diabetes research and be-kind-to-yourself workshops.
What is your favorite story from the book? Were there any stories cut or deemed too far over the line?
My favorite part of your blogs are the photos! I love the photos of Brooklyn, but what about the rest of the kids, are they camera shy?
If it is true that Paul uses God language in order to interpret and ‘define’ Christ, it is also true that language about Christ also in turn redefines the identity of God.
More often than not, the tutor is forced to the same response, “Does anyone OTHER than Kaye have the answer?”. Im not domineering, but it sure as hell ensures I get every cent of the education Im paying for. Sooo I try not to be too overpowering, but its no easy feat when everyone is so damn quiet. I guess sometimes I forget what its like to be 18 at university. Mmm, probably because I never was 18 at university.
- Make a gingerbread house today
In the Turner School District (where the vacant lot is located), it’s 177.8620.
It is an advertisement for a funeral home. Named, ever so cleverly, Jim’s Funeral Home.
“Leadership today in America has to be about doing the big things and being courageous. That’s what it has to be about. Same thing with health-benefit reform, which is an analogy to Medicaid and Medicare here in Washington. . . . [Don’t think] the public workers in New Jersey hold on any less strongly to the benefits that they get through the government. Teachers in New Jersey . . . pay nothing for their health insurance — nothing — from the day they are hired until the day they qualify for full family medical coverage that costs the state of New Jersey $24,000 per family. [If] you don’t think they’re holding on to that tight — you’re not paying attention. The battles are similar. . . . PCW CEO Barack Obama says the big things are high-speed rail, the big things are high-speed Internet access for almost 80 percent of America or something by some date. One million electric cars on the road by some date. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the candy of American politics. Those are not the big things. Because let me guarantee you something, if we don’t fix the real big things, there are going to be no electric cars on the road. There is going to be no high-speed Internet access, or if there is, you’re not going to be able to afford to get on it. We are not going to be able to care about the niceties of life — the investments that Washington wants to continue to make. That’s not what we need to be talking about. No one is talking about it.
Delish
To cure financial ills.
Notes: Its a slightly tangy dish, so be prepared.
Here is a photograph of them still in process (lying on my bed as I picked out greenery and such to adorn them. (You will notice I did not end up choosing to include the large purple themed bird that appears on the bed. It rather dwarfed the wings.)
20. January 2009 @ Café De La Danse 5, passage Louis Philippe
This film also has one of the worst “sex” scenes I have seen in the longest time where Logan is blatantly shaking Beth’s left butt cheek and the film makes it seem like it’s some sort of cute showing of love and companionship but just came off as really lame and definitely a little too detailed for a PG-13 movie. I mean they show both of them moaning at one point and even though I’m no prude to this kind of stuff (hell, I saw ‘Shame’ for Christ’s sakes), I still don’t think that many parents will appreciate Ms. Schilling hitting a full-on orgasm with Mr. Efron.
SM: Yes, and I think, if we ever get a publishing deal, it will be because of that. In my query letters I've been focusing on what makes my book different, who it appeals to, how easily it can be scaled for other media, merchandising possibilities, etc. I work in marketing, so this is right up my alley. Perhaps that's why self-publishing doesn't seem that intimidating to me.
We meet Nikki who's life has turned upside down with her one wrong choice that left her in the Underworld. Poor Nikki. But as always there's always someone who rubs the salt on the wound. Cole. Don't even get me started on him. As alluring and hot he may be, he just is not worth rambling about. And then there's Jack. The guy that Beck had come back for. For six months. Six months she has to say goodbye properly.
I burst through where I waited long, too long, deafen’d and blinded,
Click on the title to play the file.....a caller and a D.J., over the air.....talking about illegal immigrants and Arizona. It's only about 2 and a half minutes long.
Had Dunham’s stories not been held up as some sort of shining light in the sexist darkness of TV, I doubt anyone would have raised so much of a fuss. But it’s being told that she’s somehow a wonderful story of victory over adversity that leaves a bad taste. If the goal is to tell the stories of women in a way that’s different from what we’ve seen before, surely we could’ve chosen someone whose stories weren’t actually all that different at all, save for the biological sex of the people experiencing them.
I hope you enjoyed this post and photos. Click on either image to see and enlargement.
The more important question is if the PARENTS are highly motivated.
I added some cute little 1/8" navy eyelets to the banner corners to thread my twine through. Can't believe that I am so late jumping on the eyelet bandwagon. This scrapping staple has been around forever but I've never bothered to use them till lately! Weird eh?
However I would like to point out in the last two weeks whilst he has been travelling the world, the household has achieved a number of significant milestones.
Lee explores the Indian prejudice and bigotry with regards to philandering men and divorce with a light touch. She manages to turn an otherwise serious situation into an occasion for laughter. She makes you cry. She gives you hope. And reminds you that second chances really do exist. I enjoyed the trip thoroughly.
Nicholas Appel - Sterrs!
08 Chuck
Well, it pretty much comes down to John Deere.
Class-A: Kane Country Cougars, 11-14, Sixth in Midwest League West Division trail Quad Cities Bandits 13-10/Beloit Snappers & Wisconsin Timber Rattlers 14-11 by three games
you would be sad,
According to KILI, the Pipeline trucks are refusing to turn around claiming they have corporate rights that supercede any other laws
It is always more difficult to Tie Up Loose Ends that one anticipates.
She’s irregularly tied on the tree and can now walk freely though under close guard of an adult while her then rotting fingers are slowly healing. Her previously pale skin is getting smooth today.
Several cases in which officials exposed themselves to conflicts of interest were also discovered.
Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, & Related Industries
they don’t let you gain too much weight
Well, I may be the mom now, but that doesn't mean I
When Sawyer meets Grace, he wonders if he should come up with a few plans himself. Plans about what he actually wants to be, plans to speak his own mind for a change, plans to maybe help Grace with a little art theft.
So what does this mean in your table design? For a square table, 30 inches will give you a small, four person table…let’s say a card table or a breakfast nook table. A rectangular table at 30 x 60 will allow six people easily… a nice little dining table. A 30 x 90 table (I just usually take it on up to 8 feet) can allow for 10 people.
After our visit, Leslie suggested my brother and I travel a mile or so up the road to have lunch at Banty’s restaurant. I ordered a large plate of red beans and rice with sausage and a large slab of cornbread. My brother had a muffaletta so big that if he held it up high enough, the sandwich would totally eclipse the sun. With our meals we each ordered a pint of Lazy Magnolia’s Reb Ale – served in Mason jars (a buddy of mine, also raised in the South said that he drank out of so many Mason jars growing up that his lips were threaded). Byron and I both agreed that it was one of the tastiest beers brewed in the region and I’ll be damned if it did not pare perfectly with our meals. Halfway thru our plates we rested to give our stomachs a break and each ordered a Magnolia Southern Pecan.
Yesterday it was my birthday. How did I get to be 49 then? Goodness but that decade has flown. Had some fab things including a bracelet I'd chosen, toiletries, pretty things and lovely books; Monty Don's latest gardening book and an Amish Bakery book which I can't wait to try things out of: Chocolate Chip Pie anyone? Tim and I went out for lunch at The Mole in Toot Baldon. You couldn't make those names up could you but the food and the setting of tables in a pretty courtyard garden where we ate in the warm sunshine was just lovely. A super birthday treat and we came home via the supermarket to choose a cake for my birthday ( no I didn't make my own!!) to share with the boys when they came home from school. We'll do a family birthday outing at the weekend.
Uncommon in mutual fidelity!
Why do all of us have a goal that has been left unfulfilled?
We have a new addition to our family. To be more accurate, Li has a new addition. For her birthday waaaaaay back in May, when she was talking about getting a hamster, we gave her $50 toward the purchase of a cage, bedding, wheel, water bottle, etc. Whatever $50 would get her and she'd come up with the rest. Her idea of a cute, harmless, noiseless hamster turned into the thoughts of getting a ferret.
We encountered a variety of weather changes — blowing wind, cold, fog, sun. It was that way throughout the run.
Where at one time in the service if we got called to a stupid job it would be one of a few in a 24 hour period…now it seems we are being called to 99% stupid jobs and the real emergencies are the ones that end up having to wait for an available crew!!! Over the past months I have been late off every single shift. No crew or RRV dare call clear with even just one minute to go to the end of the shift as it is guaranteed they will get a job. We seem to be forced into enforced overtime when all we want is proper breaks and getting off on time! Not much to ask is it?
He also refused to open a case after Nic Lubbe, 51, from Kempton Park West, his daughter, Antoenet Cronjé, and her two sons, Morné, 11, and Kyle, 3, were assailed by robbers on Monday night.
Well it's that time again........ time for another challenge over at Anything Goes... We had some fabulous entries for the Tick Tock theme... pop over to the blog HERE to see if you were a winner!
1 Tbsp Pine Nuts
- hole punch - i used my big bite puncher
So as the years pass and your jacket gets patched and waxed there comes a time when the rain just can’t be held off anymore and a replacement is inevitable, so a new jacket comes on board but what of the old? Ebay, charity shop, no! My Barbour’s of past (also including a Hardy’s wading waxed jacket) remain hung up in the hallway like books all with stories to tell and all with tattered covers.
Indeed, we might ask here: what do we want from climate change? What world do we secretly hope climate change will create—and what details of this world can we glimpse in today's speculative descriptions of the future? What explicit moral lessons do we hope climate change will teach our fellow human beings?
1 apple (I used Granny Smith), diced
Nimbash was coming up quickly and there was plenty of work to be done. I quickly became swept up in the flow of work that came with planning an event of this magnitude. I ended up working on a lot of different things, and although it wasn’t necessarily my “job description”, I felt I got more of the valuable experience that I needed in simply working with a business than the kind of stuff I was already learning in college. I picked up lunch for the weekly planning meetings and sat in on them, I fielded phone calls so that the other staff could get some work done, I called businesses to ask them if they would be willing to donate their time or product for the different exhibits we would have at Nimbash, I typed up artist biographies, became the contact on campus for artists to submit to, and answered questions on the Twitter page about the event. Although I had enjoyed the first half of my internship, I enjoyed the second half even more. I felt like I got to know the Nimbus staff well, and each of them were kind, caring, and wonderful people to work with. I felt that I learned a lot and gained valuable experience and contacts that no one can dispute.
Ha! Can you tell I've been practising my guitar? I can play 'Leaving on a Jet Plane' AND 'Streets of London' now you know. Simon Cowell is going to be knocking on my door any day, you wait. (And telling me to stick to the day job, no doubt...)
By Sheila Corey, from the book “God Answers Moms’ Prayers”
Carlos has been wanting to take us ever since the show started touring in the US around 4 years ago after the huge success of the tv show. Bear and I even bought him an official tour t-shirt from the treasure shop because it was the closest we thought we would ever get.
4Does he not see my ways, and are not my steps all numbered?
I can’t help but look back on 2011 and think how it’s flown by. I’m grateful for all the lessons I’ve learned. First and foremost, I’ve had to learn the hard way that, much to my consternation, I can’t do everything. I bit off more than I could chew and the results weren’t exactly to my liking.
Anyway, the focus of the book is mostly on Anne. She spends some time volunteering in a camp-thing for migrant workers, sees how horrible their lives are, and decides she wants to devote her life to making their lives better. By becoming a nun. In the process, she totally ignores her friends and their problems. Because life only sucks for really poor people. Yeah, I'm sounding extremely insensitive to the plight of the poor migrant workers. Oh, well.
1284 D-XI/8/1997. “Euripides’ Bacchae and the Decline of the Classical World.” Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
John Rambo
In his prepared remarks Braun, who also served as interim director of the Department of Justice’s Drug Intelligence Fusion Center, said Hezbollah and other terrorist groups understand that the Mexican cartels are already operating successfully inside the United States.
2 vats
There is also a new BOOBs challenge called Back to Basics that Gilly is gracious enough to host. You don't have to be going to Chicago to win, you can be there is spirit. I think this in an EXCELLENT opportunity to reconnect to the basic rules of the band. Especially for those of us that have had a band for some time now. While some rules become second nature, others fall by the wayside so easily.
The Moral of the Story:
8)When we tell them to buzz off, their sweet talk is instantly replaced by curses and we hear stuff like
Top Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom also tweeted about the interview, referring to Rosen as an “Obama adviser,” even though Rosen is employed neither by the Obama campaign nor the Democratic National Committee.
We can not forget the oath that our policy makers are sworn to uphold:
It’s the non Malaysians (presumably Filipinos and Indonesians) who determine the outcome of elections there. How did the Elections Commission allow so many foreigners to be voters overnight?
If Japanese government leaders do not recognize the risk their nation faces, how could the rest of us be persuaded of the looming disaster? And if the rest of us do not acknowledge the catastrophe we collectively face, who will be the one to act?
More sage, more oregano, more rosemary.... I use large amounts of each of these in homemade Italian Seasoning, sage rinse, and comfrey/rosemary salve (rosemary is an antibiotic).
TOCK!
A few people had recommended Capital One to us because they do not charge foreign transaction fees. We now have an appropriately named Venture card. (It’s been driving Nellu crazy that I insist we use our card for making small purchases anywhere they accept Visa. But those points – double points – will add up!)
As I sit here and type this another mother is having to prepare to say goodbye to her precious child. This child is fighting to stay alive to live with his parents for another moment. Sadly, this child was given a short life expectancy. Born only three days ago, this child may soon have to return home to the Lord. It breaks my heart to know that this family will suffer another loss of a child. Yes, another as they already lost one.
I am sorry I won’t have the bavarian cream recipe for you, here’s a link to the one I used from the Food Network, but it really is a bunch of steps with pretty precise timing so I didn’t have the hands to take pictures while I was doing it. I REALLY, STRONGLY advise you NOT to take the shortcut a lot of sites tell you to with cream cheese and pudding. Not only does it sound gross but the bavarian cream is so worth it when you make it from scratch and really just requires attention to detail and making sure you’re prepared with everything you need before you begin.
you walk beneath,
The IPKat likes patents for perpetual motion machines (though, embarassingly, he couldn't find a link to this one). They shouldn't need to be expensive to examine once you rumble the concept, so the patent office should get good income from them. The inventor is happy because he's got his patent. The patent agent is happy because he gets his fees. Other manufacturers sleep soundly because, if the invention is contrary to the laws of nature, there's not much risk of infringing it. Merpel adds, there's not much sympathy for investors. They're prepared to sink a lot of money each year into patents that don't work even if they're not contrary to the laws of nature; if they don't do their due diligence, it's their own fault.
Acts 27:4, Part 2
WOD: Fight Gone Bad (5 Rounds!)
“These things need to stop.
5. Serve hot with Olive oil, and chopped basil on top of soup.
(Watch for more American Women's Children's Illustrations
And now, it's time for a short excerpt!
2~4 = 1 Coin
The Crescent Moon Kingdoms, land of djenn and ghuls, holy warriors and heretics, Khalifs and killers, is at the boiling point of a power struggle between the iron-fisted Khalif and the mysterious master thief known as the Falcon Prince. In the midst of this brewing rebellion a series of brutal supernatural murders strikes at the heart of the Kingdoms. It is up to a handful of heroes to learn the truth behind these killings.
unfortunately the cupcakes have been eaten, and kitty now has a home, but the dresser is still there for the taking. :) here is the original post on it. it'd be a really great dresser for a fun kid's room, or a perfect changing table for a nursery.
When I took on the role as "wedding planner", they still had not bought or decided on any kind of wedding favors. After racking my brain, I thought about a CD with songs from their wedding. The bride and the groom are both musical people, so it seemed to really fit them. The bride loved the idea, so I got to work making a playlist in my iTunes account. Then, I burned 85 CDs, made some labels w/ a thank you from the bride and groom and a list of the songs. I put the CDs in some clear jewel cases and tied them off with some raffia. If I would have had more time and a bigger budget, I would have ordered something like these...
“I see you’re a legal expert,” said the Welshman. “I’ve got a friend who could use your advice. I’ll write down his email address and a website where the details of his case are available.”
This year, Bailey is celebrating Beltane by giving away a copy of Brownies and Broomsticks. Just leave a comment to enter. For more information about her or either of her mystery series, please check out her website at www.cricketmcrae.com , or either of her blogs at www.hearthcricket.com or www.baileycates.com.
I refuse to even rate this album on a scale of 1-5.
He in the upper bunk and she in the lower. At 1:00 AM, the man leaned down and gently woke the woman saying, "Ma'am, I'm sorry to bother you, but would you be willing to reach into the closet to get me a second blanket? I'm awfully cold."
I know that being a receptionist isn't glamourus, but it's important and it allows us all to be more efficient and better serve our clients and our community. I hope you'll join me in thanking Barb for her time, effort, and compassion. Thank you Barb!!
We then went for a walk along the stone jetty. Morecambe's version of a pier. There were lots of sculptures and artwork featuring birds. Big ones, little ones and some in the ground. We walked to the end, and boy was it windy. But bracing as well, and it was great to hear the sound of seagulls. That always reminds me of the coast, fish and chips and sandcastles.
It comes as another two boats carrying suspected asylum seekers were intercepted by Australian authorities on Friday, one northwest of Christmas Island, believed to have 50 passengers, and another, which arrived on Cocos Island with 81 passengers.
1st August was the 1st birthday of my beauty blog. It went from Beauty Blogging Away to The Beauty Chat to what is now Navilicious Beauty. This name is final! It was inspired by my lovely friend Paige who can be found on her Youtube/Twitter/Blog.
Given the deafening silence from Eric Pickles concerning the Local Government Pension Scheme (LGPS) we can't rule out further strike action by LGPS members. Since, in almost every workplace where there are members of the Teachers' Pension Scheme those members work alongside LGPS members, there is a compelling case for coordination between our respective trade unions.
Although it almost seemed a given what was going to happen to James, I wasn’t expecting for it to happen how it did. Seeing Mary just lose it over her dad was not fun.
…screaming comes across
GOWN
analyzing all her entrails and components,
Freeset is located in Calcutta, India, helping to free women from human trafficking by providing them employment with dignity through sewing bags. Every woman is provided medical insurance, retirement, daycare for their children, classes to learn how to read and write, and three times the wage they would receive “in line.” Join us every day December 1st through the 12th in Freeset’s Freedom Tour of 12 Days of Freedom with Freeset and become a part of the freedom story. Watch our video, shop our bags, change lives.
I did add more garlic than the one small clove that was recommended and played it by ear on the hot sauce. I was using Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce..it was what I had on hand...and had no idea hot it was compared to what she used. And then with the pepper jack cheese...well, I added about a teaspoon or two of hot sauce as I made it and added more at the end to taste.
21. Emanuelle's theme (02:40)
Every Sunday from 11am-3pm Primitivo in Venice hosts brunch on their patio. The menu (available here) features a nice mix of breakfast and lunch items (just as brunch should) all around $10-$18 a pop. The items on the cheaper side are more breakfast oriented (scrambled ricotta-chive eggs, strawberry french toast, carmelized leak and onion bread pudding), while the items on the pricier side tend to be heavier and more lunch/linner focused (steak frites, paella, salmon with apple smoked bacon crust… yum…)
Hi y'all!
quickly colonize open areas. But, when viewed from a restoration perspective this trait is interpreted as hardy and fast growing. This tree thrives in areas with disturbances, such as a river floodplain, making alders a valuable addition to restoration sites where we are trying to stabilize the land and encourage the beginning of a natural forest succession process.
Harry Potter was a huge part of my teenage life too. Robert Pattinson would've been included in this list (as Cedric Diggory) but I couldn't bring myself up to look through all his awkward pictures to find a good one.
Debra Lynn Simon d/o Renn & Lora Marie Hebert
From the dust jacket: Pat Nolan, an American man, is summoned to Paris to claim the body of his estranged daughter Megan, who has committed suicide. The body, however, is not Megan’s and it becomes instantly clear to Pat that Megan staged this, that she is in serious trouble, and that she is calling to him for help.
Am I joking?
what you reckon?
Simmons
So this has given me the energy to get off my rear and kick things into motion. I am even now writing up my recap and impressions of the episode, and will acquire the appropriate screencaps to go along with the review. Look for it sometime tonight or tomorrow. More than likely tomorrow. LATE tomorrow.
Listen to your heros heros. Look up some of the interviews from your favorites to find out who their favorites are and were. It can be an exciting journey of discovery and education as well as potentially bringing a new sound to your writing, playing and performing.
Of those who believe that Africa’s growth prospects in the near term are significantly positive, half have a dedicated Africa strategy in place, and 92% have an active business presence on the continent
So I sulked in my room with the door locked, listening to sad music and munching on chocolate. I was idly staring at the computer screen, feeling like there was nothing to do.
I am a fourth year law student with a keen interest in the issue, and even I don't understand the current law. This severely hampers my ability to set up a business venture that might involve publication of potentially infringing content on the internet (not that I have any such plans at the moment!). But if not for any other reason, let's at least clarify the law for the promising Indian start ups that want to create such products and services.
It’s her life and she has to live it. I can’t live it for her. She is aware of her choices and there are many people who will be quick to point out that this is my problem, not hers. Others will jump to tell me that I should keep this stuff to myself.
17. Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
I stuttered into the conversation saying, “I know you’re upset and let me explain that I didn’t send you any texts, and I definitely didn’t send you something inappropriate.”
Running low on funds (as most gigolos) our Teddy Bare seeks the green pastures of a recently widowed barkeep, Freda, who is coarse, loud and heavily endowed financially. Freda (convincingly played by Brit powerhouse Margaret Lockwood) is no shrinking violet and takes the slick Mr. Bare on toe to toe. They marry with the new Missus thinking her husband has as much spinach as she herself. He soon realizes Freda is no soft touch and his eye turns to a new, attractive widow in town named Charlotte (Kay Walsh).
My mouth barely able to keep pace
Yes, I had a super bad perm, and I look pretty dorky, but I still love this picture. I love my beautiful friends, and my shoes, and the attitude I had that night. I was going to have fun, no matter what. And I did. I had an awesome time. I danced until the dj packed up his gear. Two guys that seemed far out of my league danced with me because they liked my shoes. When a couple of people verbally harassed me (yes, I was insulted and bullied at every high school event) I laughed at them. I couldn't believe they thought they could hurt my joy.
Joel Levey (Author), Michelle Levey
Oh my goodness it's been a long time since I had
Reading news like this one make me realize that law and Science-Fiction are more related than one could ever imagine: “A decade ago, in the Dreamworks movie “Minority Report,” billboards spoke directly to the characters in the movie and even knew their names. In just weeks, that science fiction plot will become reality as some businesses in Central Florida will know who you are when you walk through their door. It’s thanks to enhanced facial recognition technology”.
“I have produced similar First Day Covers for 11 years now" said Ms Sheridan of Sheridan Covers, "and I have had the pleasure to produce covers featuring organisations such as the William Morris Society, The Mary Rose Trust, The Historical Maritime Society and Friends of the Earth.”
Ultimately, we did find her. And I got to have my Lifetime movie moment. You know the one where I finally see her and drop to my knees sobbing to gather her in my arms? Truly, I expect a call from the Academy within 72 hours.
(The part of the scene that I am talking about begins at 12 minutes and 38 seconds.)
Despite it all, he was a happy baby. He was, and is, easily amused, incredibly inquisitive and has a healthy streak of stubbornness.
Soul Food
I have enjoyed every minute of my Spring Break, but unfortunately tomorrow means that I shall return to work! I honestly have missed all of my wonderful kiddos and can't wait to find out about the adventures they each had over the break!
By Glenda A. Bixler
flowers and large decorative branches etc.
Whee! This is gonna be great. Just great.
Mrs MP is concerned.
My elementary school teachers. The smell of their classrooms. Playing with my dolls. Playing with my cousins and neighbors. Talking to my mom. Basically every interaction ever with my Mom. And my dad. Oh my gosh, how much I longed to just curl up into a ball of little girl and sit on my dad's lap.
Throughout the church age, here is what God said of the two witnesses who operated within the churches. We read in Revelation 11:6:
And you know what? Last week, I realized that I actually read LESS.
Got me a bottle of Scotch while I was there. Now all I got to do is find a snake to bite me! so I can drink some. Bought 20 pack of tissues. Allergy season still going so run through a lot of snot rags this time of year. I finally remembered to buy some damn batteries. AA and AAA's. Now maybe the damn remotes will work without having to smack them or stroke them. It is embarrassing to get caught stroking your remote. HA HA HA HA HA.
Details. Interpretation. Make it your own. This painting could take place at any time you wish. This could be 1400AD Japan. Back then, maybe it was custom to hold a stern face (instead of smile) in appreciation of an appealing opposite sex individual? Maybe owning a pitchfork placed you as an elite of the times. A British couple visiting the Land of the Sun. Make your own stories. Have fun with it. Imagination. Who’s to say those ‘art historians’ are always right?
Jump Higher With Explosive Vertical
My friend and Fort Lauderdale artist, Nolan Haan, is at it again! If you recall, Nolan paints theses amazing pieces of cinderblock walls....on silk!! Now, he's forayed into talking photos of what he calls "unintended abstractions." I'm in love with the composition, texture, and colors that he captures in his photographs. These would look so amazing blown up, printed on metal, and hung in a loft somewhere in the city.
For this recipe it asks for the buttermilk pancake mix, I had some home-made mix on hand, so used it.
Eight-year old Khadim spends his days at a brick kiln, working to pay off a small debt inherited from his deceased parents. He is charged room and board in excess of his wages so that regardless of how hard he labors, the debt is sure to grow. From dawn until dusk, Khadim lugs around heavy clay bricks. First, he totes them out of the kiln so that they can bake in the hot sun, and he then carries them back into the kiln once they’ve dried. He tries to keep pace with his adult co-laborers, but he is only a boy and often falls behind, drawing angry shouts from his overseer.
Actress, talk show host, Harpo Productions, vegan for 21 days starting 5/18/08?
But I like knowing what I want. "Know thyself" and all that good stuff.
The first is the professional deformation that journalists and fictional storytellers experience in their hunt for non-boring Man Bites Dog stories.You make more money coming up with interesting stories about anomalies than for pointing out the same old same old.
Why the Siren Likes It: Supposedly based on the life of Chet Baker. Jaggedly uneven and no one seems to have a clue about real white Southerners. But deserves to be remembered, if only for Pearl Bailey's haunting performance. For the Siren and those like her, there's also the nifty bit of role reversal for Susan Kohner, the "tragic mulatto" of Sirk's Imitation of Life, in the same movie as the penultimate role for Louise Beavers, of John Stahl's excellent 1934 Imitation of Life. (Poster is from the great Cinema Retro site.)
Grab 3 garbage bags or bins and label them with the following:
Me: “Um, Ma’am, can you please be quiet.”
Every week, the staff at TheTwoCents will be posting their top picks for viewing. They won’t always be the top shows of the week, but the programs that each writer is most looking forward to checking out that week.
But more than anything, Craig is one of those "that guys" that made good. An ever-dependable character actor who rose through the ranks of background player to supporting player to co-star and hasn't missed a beat any time in-between. Remember that heavily-lauded TV series in the early Eighties "Call To Duty"? He starred in that. Remember the multi-character TV drama "Chicago Story"? He starred in that. Remember that TV comedy where he played a football coach in that series where this college team needed a new coach so they chose him to be their coach (can't remember the name of it)? He starred in that.
Here are a few of the biscuits :)
Men often choose Wodehouse in such round-ups but I reckon he's just as funny for women. My favourite is THE CODE OF THE WOOSTERS
I am a feminist. I expect equal pay. I should not be penalized for being a (future) mother, or looked at as less capable than my male counterpart. I am also very much a traditionalist when it comes to relationships and ascribe to gender norms–most of the time. I expect the man to open doors, walk on the outside, pay, and initiate romantic endeavors.
At a very young age we were encouraged to learn how to ride motorbikes, build tree-houses, drive an old beat up mini-moke around the property, water ski, play in the dirt and generally let our imaginations run wild. My brothers once built a homemade skate ramp out of old tin (yes, obligatory eye roll for the danger which lies ahead). It was an accident waiting to happen with its dodgy engineering and razor-sharp edges. I was the one who ran up it, slipped and put a rather large gash in my thigh. I still have the scar to prove it.
The neighbor brought over his ribs tonight, they are soaking in the cooler with the rest of ours, and will be bbqed tomorrow night.
~lisa
Who am I when I'm not with the Archduchess? I'm Sarah. Plain Sarah, who learns to live in a world that's not quite perfect, with all the Good Things and Bad Things that happen, who learns to like who she is, who finds her passions in life. From biology, I discovered marine biology. From marine biology, I discovered invertebrates. I discovered coral reefs. I discovered I could go anywhere in the world.
She's getting ready to do yoga with mommy:)
between pillows and continents.
When drones were first used abroad they were primarily implemented for surveillance. Ultimately they have been used to kill.
Poor Roshan Seth was never really used as much as he could have been - we still recall, with great fondness and awe, the subtle genius of his performance in Gandhi (particularly when he confronts Gandhiji after one of the fasts) and the wondrous, dreamy texture of his take on a displanted Ugandan in Mississippi Masala (maybe the only movie where he gets his due). That man could be soulful, people! Such a Long Journey is a rare chance for him to play the lead, and it's intriguing and, ultimately, very satisfying to watch his complex, whiny, miserable, redeemable Gustad. Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri - the usual stalwarts - have very little to do, but it's nice to see them (especially Om Om Om Puri!). Soni Razdan did what she could, given that - yet again - the ladies get relegated to being concerned mothers, shrewish crones, whores or sexualized secretaries. Oh yeah, or Indira Gandhi.
I made this birthday card for the Peachy Keen Challenge this week anything goes. I wanted to be able to use the stamp of the month set for March and also February.
The cabal is dead and will not rise again. We know that from the channeled messages we read and I believe we could know that from no other source. That’s the value of listening to credible channeled messages.
Elizabeth Vallone possesses a B.A. and M.S. degree from Montclair State University and Long Island University. She is a teacher and freelance writer. A contributing author to the anthologies Imprints on Rockland County History (1983) and Curragia: Writings of Italian-American Women (1998), Mrs. Vallone published Stone Perpendicular to Stone—A Tribute to the Land of My Ancestors in 1997. In 2005, Beyond Bagheria, a first attempt at historical fiction set in the New Orleans of the 1920s was published. Mrs. Vallone is currently working on historical fiction set in WWI Hoboken, NJ. She lives in Rockland County with her husband.
OK . . . are ya ready? This month's color theme is . . . ta-daaaa . . .
So, to be honest, he talked on for four or five minutes about his rationale, while I pretended to listen. The reality is that while he was talking, I was vacantly nodding my head, all the time thinking: “Will I ask him now? Is he going to belt me when I put it to him?”
I'm having fun with my newest sets of Spellbinders Nestabilities. This one is called FLeur de Lis Rectangles. I inked an embossed card front for the background, added some teal webbing, popped my pinwheel onto the side, with the metal charm letters spelling out DREAM, and attached my image to the card to finish it off. If you look close you can see a little printing on the paint chip; that identifies the color. I kind of like the fact that it shows up!!
I opted for BCS (Those of who don’t know BCS is Bachelor of Computer Science), hoping things will turn good. I was pretty decent in programming but as usual teachers ruined the interest and I was badly depressed in my graduation also. During my grad some of my friends introduced me to Alt Rock, Punk and the distorted guitars swayed me to the guitar classes. And this was the real beginning for discovery of real me. Guitar studies helped me realize that apart from Classical, Rock(the mainstream rock, not to be confused with the real Van Halen or Jimi Hendrix rock), Pop entities like Grunge, Metal, Blues, Jazz also exist and I found them really authentic.
Hello Friends,
I felt like giving Melissa a few shakes herself, as she agonizes over which man to hitch her wagon to. I was rooting for one young man in particular, but Walker doesn’t show her hand too soon. Instead, she carries the reader along with Melissa as she runs through the pros and cons of each fella. To her credit, Melissa eliminates the married ones. Well, at least the one whose marriage is only one day old. You have to read all the way to the end to see who Melissa chooses. All I’ll tell you is, it’s not the one I wanted her to take up with.
In my five-ish years of blogging I have participated in many blogger swaps, organized and hosted by some fabulous ladies, but I have never been so perfectly paired up with someone!
clay butterfly
I know all of these people will all be missed greatly by all their families and friends. But I am so happy to say, I do believe they are all in heaven. And I know that we will see them again.
Where are the so called “far left privacy advocates” now? The Obama Administration (along with a willing Democratic Leadership in Congress) has consistently (1, 2, 3, 4, 5,) pushed for more domestic spying ability and took away the sunset provision out of the Patriot Act.
Nancy Rue says, “I hope the Faithgirlz! Bible will help girls grow a friendship with the Bible, their own relationship. It asks questions, asks them to think and challenges them to apply what they’re learning. That’s how they’ll find a deep, personal relationship with God, rather than just by following rules or saying what they’ve been told without really thinking about it. Rules are important, of course, but they only make sense when they really believe the message of the Scriptures. That’s what this Bible is about.” The Faithgirlz! Bible is the perfect Bible to support girls in their journey into the “beauty of believing.”
The termites are still a problem but I have found a spray that kills them and keeps them away from their normal paths. I also started the process of cleaning up the floor (scraping paint spills) and the walls (knocking off dirt spots and insect deposits). I will check the paint store in San Blas tomorrow to see what is available and whether my budget will allow me to purchase all the paint at once or if I will need to spread the process out over a couple of months. No matter, I really don't have much else to do other than read books and relax.
Wither by Lauren DeStefano (February 2012, Harper Voyager, ISBN: 0007386982)
While the Post reports White as having “long been bothered” by the haircutting incident,” he told ABC News he was not present for the prank, in which Romney is said to have forcefully cut a student’s long hair and was not aware of it until this year when he was contacted by the Washington Post.
“We know that the law is spiritual; but I am unspiritual, sold as a slave to sin. I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do. And if I do what I do not want to do, I agree that the law is good. As it is, it is no longer I myself who do it, but it is sin living in me. I know that nothing good lives in me, that is, in my sinful nature. For I have the desire to do what is good, but I cannot carry it out. For what I do is not the good I want to do; no, the evil I do not want to do—this I keep on doing. Now if I do what I do not want to do, it is no longer I who do it, but it is sin living in me that does it. So I find this law at work: When I want to do good, evil is right there with me. For in my inner being I delight in God’s law; but I see another law at work in the members of my body, waging war against the law of my mind and making me a prisoner of the law of sin at work within my members. What a wretched man I am! Who will rescue me from this body of death? Thanks be to God—through Jesus Christ our Lord!”
Today is all about a sinful potato salad that when you sit down at the dinner table, you better have your shoes on 'cause folks, this one is so good, it will knock your socks off. Creamy, it's like biting into a deviled egg stuffed potato. Whoa, now that's an idea for a whole 'nother recipe.
“We haven’t got any contract yet, it’s all up in the air at the moment. But we wouldn’t do any major changes, it would only be internal decoration.
There was a defibrillator patch
So . . . because we all have creative moments when the brain conjures up some seriously amazing thoughts and just throws them out there to be either nurtured liked a garden or flicked away like an ant at a picnic, on a sandwich, peeking its mayo-covered head out between the lettuce and tomato right when you're ready to take a bite, I've decided to have a best opening line contest!
One such bout of nostalgia sent me off to a cinema on the Left Bank last week to see a press screening of the Australian film, Samson & Delilah. And while it would be difficult to describe the experience as uplifting, I challenge anyone to go and watch this excellent film and not come away having been moved by it.
Context on the show: Bart and Homer’s catchy rebuttal to Lisa’s newly formed ideas about not eating meat.
A shadow fell over Dickie. He turned and blocking the sun Chuck stood over him. Dickie jerked and fear gripped him. Chuck had a weather-beaten plank at his side. It looked as if it was something that fell from a train years earlier.
Breham said Perimekar had received the commission for “supporting the contract,” which he said was a euphemism for unexplained costs, and also for “housing the crew” of the submarines in France.
In the mean time I’ll be working on more random day-to-day-life stuff, will probably post something significant about the Disney trip, and I am brainstorming up a multi-part guide to applying to Counseling Psychology programs.
Oh and there was the whole of the beach front to explore or just lie down on on a sun lounger whilst someone came and brought you a bucket of water on ice and Pacifico beer. If you wanted a snack, they'd bring you that too. Or you could swim up to the poolside bar and order a margarita.
My mother, sister, mother-in-law, grandmother-in-law and dear friends shared birth stories- some I knew, some I didn’t. Incredible tales of love, triumph, loss and pain. I lit my large candle with my wish for this baby’s birth, and my women lit a smaller one, offering their wishes too. Later, they would each light their small candle, when news of labour arrived.
I had my 19 week appointment today and all went very well! They performed the Level II ultrasound where they measure every single thing from head to toe. They are measuring 19w5d and 19w6d, so well ahead of schedule. Heartrates were both 145. According to our sonographer and doctor, everything is measuring perfectly!!! They are both breech and facing each other. It looked like they were beating each other up the entire time. She made a video of the sonogram, so it was neat to come home and watch it again...I can't believe how blessed we are. My mother was able to come to our appointment today and was able to see them in action. So glad we could share it with her. Without she and my dad, we wouldn't even be there. They may not be able to retire, but they gave us the best gift ever dang it!
CRITICAL SUPPLIES WILL STILL BE DISTRIBUTED
Dul is a condo complex security goon, one of those guys who leans back in a booth pretending to pay attention to who comes in and out. He says he has something for us. There’s this enormous fat farang who lives in the condo complex. Everyone calls him Vacuum Man. This is because he spends all day every day vacuuming up platefuls of food at every buffet in town.
The top plaque reads “The army of Peru in tribute to fallen soldiers during the campaign with Ecuador in 1941″.
Our Le Daily Bark for today is Harper, 2 year old king Charles cavalier cross poodle. She’s a happy little soul that loves everyone she meets. she loves to fetch, and likes to stare straight into your eyes. She loves playing with her big brother, Henry, and they make the perfect little family.
Smoke trail behind me,
Mike worked for several hours clearing the road way so people could get by, one of the township guys came after I called to help with some of the clean up.
This Christmas, the plans were to spend it with my husband's family here in Minnesota. I've been away from my family for the holidays before, but this year was more difficult than some, as my heart was feeling that "home" was back in Canada. We all have holiday traditions, and while they may not be spectacular or out of the ordinary, they're unique to us, and have shaped our perspectives in some way or another. That said, I felt like this year, I was looking for something that would give me a sense of tradition and solidarity--something that would give me the feeling of "home" away from home.
It’s a lot of fun to write about all the inspiring and uplifting things in life too, share inspirational experiences and talk about success.
Velvet Poinsettias- White
I have locks of hair from all four of ours and am now wondering if I should keep a tooth or two as well?
Department of Justice - Public Prosecution Division
Last year I had Mr W for Easter. I imagine I posted about it, but can't remember what I'd file it under, so I'm not giving the link. Since we didn't talk about it, neither of us knew that I assumed he didn't want to have an Easter basket, and he assumed that of course I'd make him an Easter basket. Oops. He was truly upset, in the way that a kid who puts up with a lot of untraditional holiday stuff but for cryin' out loud some things are just a GIVEN, could reasonably feel.
I am trying to decide if, when and how I should reach out to this couple. I don't want to overstep my bounds as I have never met them. Hell, I don't even know their names. Do I give them a list of resources; online forums, grief support groups, my phone number? Do I send them a card via the sitter?
Level 16: Weapon ATT: +16, Accuracy: +6%, Proc Rate: 53%, Deals 208% damage 2 times.
* In the sonogram Tre says, "When will we see if the BOY is a boy or a girl?" LOL!
Like an overfed, overheated cat
The Car: The Heart of America
While I’m taking pretty good care of my maintenance currently (good nutrition, good exercise, emotional balance, etc.), I had more than two decades of NOT maintaining my body in the fashion that was necessary. Quite frankly, as I look back upon that time period, I realize that I had many breakdowns along the way. This has me thinking, that my upcoming annual physical examination will likely yield different results than the past several I’ve had. I wonder how much restoration work I’ve done… I know I feel MUCH better, I have way more energy and can do things that I’ve not been able to do in years (including tying my tennis shoes without having to prop them up on something – see an earlier post about “The Hangover”).
Humanity is a funny creation. We have a tendency to shift with time. We have a tendency to change, yet, claim that we do not. Think about that. We even lie to ourselves. Eventually, we will come to the conclusion that we have changed, but only reluctantly. I honestly think that we admit that we have changed because of our change in physical abilities. When we were young enough to be able to stay up all night, we thought nothing of it. As we grow older, and our stamina has diminished, we may find ourselves saying that old saying that “Nothing good happens after midnight.”
But the place where we are is, surprisingly, the place of love and peace after all; since the death of Christ defied even the worst consequences of our human decisions, and the Resurrection, the ‘being-raised’, of Christ insisted that our worst and most perverse and most idiotic decisions could still be outbid, outplayed, by the most insightful and most committed of human beings, in whose body and soul God our Father flooded a human sterility with a divine vitality. Love outmanoeuvred death, after all.
In March 1954 Maxwell Fyfe told Cabinet, “that large numbers of coloured people are living on National Assistance” and that “coloured landlords by their conduct are making life difficult for white people living in the same building or area…the result is that white people leave and the accommodation is then converted to furnished lettings for coloured people, with serious overcrowding and exploitation”.
Acrylic and paper textures
Mike Fuller Letter to Us:
Although he harassed Jason Kidd’s family, harassing communication was not pursued as a charge to be convicted and sentenced in a court of law, because the investigator stated that the perpetrator made a threat to his wife which is third party.
The Trinity is not the Trinity because of us. The Trinity has been and always will be. We are what we are because the Trinity has willed it so.
Both of course wrote to their MP.
4) Tourism must be restored, and the first place to start is by imposing new rules on the French Quarter. It needs to be a safe place to bring your family. Mardi Gras will never be the same, but again...too bad. If you're that hard up for debauchery, go to Vegas and spend your money on gambling or a prostitute. At least you aren't likely to get rolled.
73. How to Eat Fried Worms: Thomas Rockwell
An Asian man and woman dressed in civvies beckoned me to one of the gurneys, next to which was a table covered in sharp, shiny blades and a syringe like a drainpipe.
Finally, getting through a tough times isn't always about buying the cheapest thing in the beer isle. A 27 oz. bottle of Sheif's Stout, is the darkest, creamiest thing one can buy for $2.78. It will sustain you. Or, try buying a couple bottles of Killian's Irish Red by the bottle. The six-pack at Fredy's is perpetually on sale for $4.99, or $0.84 for a 12 oz. bottle. Sure, ">Coors is tricking you into thinking it's a microbrew, but... fuck it, at least you're not stealing.
Lakewood Montessori Middle School has gone digital. If you have access to the Internet, you have access to over 200 ebooks from our collection.
Here is what Lela won....
This year, little rain. Weeds have already taken over AND gone to seed.
When news broke that the Petrino passenger (Jessica Dorrell) had been promoted to work in the football office just a week or so before the accident that set this mess in motion, it was clear that Petrino had likely sealed his fate with the Razorbacks. Say what you want about “morality clauses” (the mere idea of which in big time sports at any level amuse me a little bit), but Human Resources rules trump all, and at that point Petrino ran afoul of every Human Resources rule put in place since the Clarence Thomas hearings.
It took about a year of MathMan's taunting to get me to pronounce cement with the emphasis on the second syllable. To get me to say inSURance instead of INsurance and umBRELLa instead of UMbrella. A few years in the South have sort of undone that, but I'm able to switch back and forth pretty easily because even if I don't speak with a clean Midwestern non-accent accent, I'm aware of when my words begin to drawl out like a hot afternoon.
"Good thinkin' Pete!"
“Basking in how fucking awesome I am?” Shadow Stalker gloated.
I will forever be thankful to finally learn the real truth about nutrition! Read all about it in Sally Fallon's Nourishing Traditions Cookbook- she has great introductions with a wealth of information.
Fagin: "We've got two days to make enough money to pay back Mr. Sykes. Dodger, keep an eye on the new kid. Show him the ropes."
If anyone else has other natural, affordable and/or easy tricks for managing diaper rash, I’d love to hear them.
- 50 mL Triple Sec
Palate: Malt, toffee, mint chocolate, fresh oak, oily and lots of nougat.
(See FAIR Action Alert, 9/24/09.) Yet an August 2009 poll by the
The universal boozing in MISFITS is exemplary in showing the thin line between an actor drinking during shooting, and then acting drunker than he is, and a sober actor playing drunk. The sober actor might get all the motions and slurs right, but the insulated bi-polar aspect--the ability to careen from jubilant to morose, from possessive to ambivalent, from greedy to benevolent from mopey to Zen, like a drunken slalom---can only come from the hearty heart of darkness, the fortified brand, that limits itself to only three drinks before breakfast, just to kill the shakes, but would kill you if you suggested he or she whittle it down to none. How dare you? And out in the desert heat that kind of buzz balancing can knock you flat on your dehydrated ass. But luckily we reap the benefits, for all eternity, thanks to this weird film. Finally on the big screen there are 'real' drunks the way drunken parents and their drunken friends at outdoor 70s block parties looked to their children, like me.
My bags are packed, I’m ready to go, but I have a few minutes before I have to start donning my traveling togs, so I thought I’d say good-bye. Unlike Mary Travers, I do know when I’ll be back again — late Sunday night. I’m going to take notes and photos to show you, but most of all, despite 100% humidity (yikes!!), I’m going to have fun. It’s been so long since I’ve had fun, I’m not even sure what the word means any more, but I intend to find out.
2/3 cup granulated sugar
James Sit down UK
Discoverer, Scientist, Author and Consultant.
Therapist.
Colouring Medium ... Copics, Spika Pen & Sakura Jelly Roll Pens
this month we will be using Country Garden from Bo Bunny.
Ally Condie's Matched was one of the hyped releases at BEA. I was able to hear her speak on the YA panel, and was so impressed by her. She's the kind of person I think I could be friends with, but more importantly to this work, she gets teens, in spite of the fact that she knows she's not one of them -- a hopelessly uncool adult -- because she's a high school teacher, and she remembers what it's like to be a teenager herself.
“Oh, you mean rih-kah-tah?”
On another note, I got a sweet potato roll today for lunch…thinking it would be as good as the one I had in NY…total fail! The sweet potato was crunchy! Eww! You can’t eat half soft, half crunchy sweet potatoes in a sushi roll!!! At least my cucumber avocado roll was refreshing. It was SO hot today I didn’t feel like eating at all, but I thought to myself ‘why, a nice sushi roll would be wonderful on such a hot day,’ (talking in weird snobby accent!) lol wrong! I would have rather rolled my arm in rice and ate that haha I think I’m over sushi for a while now….stupid sweet potato! haha
What has been your favorite project in this course, and why?
This basically means that as your foot strikes the ground, the impact can cause hemolysis (damage or death) to your red blood cells. You do regenerate your blood cells, but excessive hemolysis can cause your iron level (hemoglobin) and iron stores (ferritin) to drop.
The institution of marriage has been completely obliterated by gender queers. This is a term I plan to use more regularly here.
All of the planets have one thing in common, though—a white tree.
I am finally, finally, finally back home. I was sort of back home last week, after being out on tour for two weeks, but then I had to fly back out to California for five days of sort-of wedding (don't ask.) and I had no brain for blogging. But today I am home. Finally, finally, finally. I need to do a blog post on both the Trampoline of Insanity and on handling critique as a writer and artist, but because I am behind on posting about bits and pieces, I'm going to first do a post about them. Piece #1: On May 15th, I am doing a live chat with Lucy Christopher, hosted by Figment and This is Teen. We'll be talking about how we build character and anything else you can think to ask us. Details here. Oh, in fact, here is my face inviting you to come:
I call this my dragon. It looks like a dragon to me, laying on top of the mound.
The Washington Post.
Deuteronomy 17:14-20:
3 out of 5 – Inappropriate Content – Nikki is just as lovestruck over Brandon as she was in the first novel, plus what seems to be endless boy talk and fashion, trying to impress boys with lip-gloss and all. Mackenzie buys lip-gloss exclusively to appeal to Brandon.
The only negative I've ever had to say about this stuff is that it makes SO much! (I never think to half a recipe)
And as I walk your book lined corridor,
In the past I would have felt upstate with Eli for not wanting to eat his dinner even as I struggled to eat it too. I would have felt resentment at his 'wasting my money' and even though I would have tried to be cool about it the effects of the resentment would have spilled over into little snippy comments and lack of connectedness between us.
Next up, we painted the dresser with two coats of the same blue from Kalia's closet. I think this picture is just the first coat, so just picture the second coat with a little bit deeper of a color!
Light is everywhere, all around us day and night. How could we have missed this one humongous clue? This is the manual to life, the simple answer to happiness that we have been wanting forever. And it has been with us all along. All we have to do is apply its formula:
An important thing to remember however, is that the relationship (although initially strong – with Zynga being the first gaming company to make a serious play on Facebook’s users) is weakening. Other games companies have entered the space, and have the opportunity to have the same relationship (same value chain, same commission on user spend) with Facebook. The percentage of Facebook revenue attributed to Zynga games has fallen to 11%, as customers move away from ageing hits like Farmville and Mafia Wars to newly developed games released by EA and other smaller houses (Peak Games, Geewa). Monetisation of Zynga titles (ARPU) has also fallen. Facebook doesn’t care what its users are spending money on, or what they are playing. If Facebook users want to play EA titles, or Kixeye titles, or whatever titles are released, they will as happily take the 30% from other houses as they took it from Zynga.
Will had changed. The moldy skin Sam had found so disgusting now lay taut against his face. His nose, still misshapen, was no longer crumbling, and his hands were whole. The monk's outfit looked crisp and new, the rope tied smartly around his waist. A pleasant aroma like fresh lemon permeated the air.
I hit the water and I’m heading under.
Second, "lactation failure" literally means "inability to produce adequate milk volume" which is exactly my problem.
Here he co-wrote several technical reports on a range of subjects: from web 2.0, to RFID technology and other matters concerning 'global governance'.
Andrea is headed off to college in another state next week so they really just wanted to spend time with each other as a family and enjoy some old friends along the way.
And it is a post-inspiring spot too -- upcoming posts with include Casey's Rubber Stamp Heaven
As for taste, the ice cream has a fresh, clear flavor. The corn syrup and cream cheese keep it from being thin or icy, in fact the texture is actually a bit fluffy. It's quite different from the muddled, rich, taste of a custard-based vanilla ice cream. My vanilla-ice-cream-loving husband really enjoyed the ice cream, which is a good thing, seeing as we have 2 quarts of it!
I love The Rock. Outside of Shawn Michaels he is my 2nd favorite wrestler of all time. His promo work is unrivaled and his matches were always entertaining. He seemingly lost more big time matches than he won (something that Cena does not do), he sold injuries and he always wavered between heel and face without hesitation. I don’t care why he came back to do this match, I am just happy that the man is back! I also don’t care if he stays, but I suspect this won’t be the last we see of the The Rock in a WWE ring.
Victory MMA returned Saturday night for its third event at the Academie Sportive in the Park Extension neighbourhood of Montreal.
The area has apparently seen better days. The streets are broad, beautiful and tree-lined. The rows of terraces are attractive, though most of the fresh paint is graffiti.
Mum: (dropping the bag she was unpacking) Oh he hasn't! Wait! Let me get the Camcorder!
Anyway, this was bizarro SNL: the Short was a (relative) disappointment, and the cold opening and monologue were highlights. De Niro was looser than in his previous stints as host, but he is still one of the stiffest hosts ever.
Looking out of the window at the April showers that have been honouring us with their presence for the last couple of weeks, we decided the dogs deserved a change of scenery for their walk.
Quiet attempts to console her failed
But, as Bush's inaction during the Russia-Georgia war revealed, America is not going to fight Russia over who controls Abkhazia, North or South Ossetia, Dagestan, Ingushetia, Chechnya or Georgia. All are beyond any vital interest or legitimate sphere of influence of the United States.
Everybody wingin'
Of all the shows and clips and films that I’ve ever watched that were made by and performed by Monty Python – there is one line that for some reason I’ve never forgotten. It is when three red-robed, faux-16th century pseudo-clerics bounce into a modern day room making the announcement that “Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.”
Vodicka P, Tvrdik T, Osterman-Golkar S, Vodicková L, Peterková K, Soucek P, Sarmanová J, Farmer FB, Granath F, Lambert B, Hemminki K. An evaluation of styrene genotoxicity using several biomarkers in a 3-year follow-up study of hand-lamination workers. Mutat Res 1999; 445: 205-224.
BTW: When “Home Alone 2″ came out, Roger Ebert stated that “cartoon violence is only funny in cartoons. Most of the live-action attempts to duplicate animation have failed, because when flesh-and-blood figures hit the pavement, we can almost hear the bones crunch, and it isn’t funny.”
As you probably know, we failed to raise $60,000 on Kickstarter to fund six episodes of "American Beer Blogger," the TV show I'm working on with Green Leaf Productions. It was an ambitious goal, and despite some solid support, we only raised a little over 10% of the goal. But we are not giving up. We're scaling back a bit, and there's a NEW Kickstarter out there: we're trying to raise $6,000 to do one pilot episode. We got that much before, but we had 60 days that time. Kickstarter only gives you two weeks on second chances, so we've got to push hard on this.
I need to confess something about eggs; while I love them dearly, and really, think that it is one food item that I will never give up eating, I have been rather stubbornly affixed to only consuming them when cooked good and solid. I’ve had an aversion to the soft yolk ways for as long as I can recall, and I simply can’t say why. I don’t care for them scrambled either, and no matter how well they’re scrambled, so soft and pillowy and silky smooth, I just won’t eat them. I think it must be the texture. As I’ve grown and watched my food tastes change, the one aspect of it that I’ve noticed is that formerly despised foods were all about texture over flavor. Still, as I can now manage mushrooms, squash, tomato, avocado and a host of other goodies that were once verboten on my table, I draw the line at scrambled eggs. Still, the fact that I just knew this roasted rutabaga dish required a poached egg, that I then went ahead and made, beautifully, is huge growth for this egg lover. And I may never look back again.
1T soy sauce, 1t sugar, 1t chopped garlic, 1t sesame oil
I’ve created quite a few things the last couple of months which i will have to start showing…lol
For example, polydimethylsloxane is a silicone which is often used in shampoos & conditioners as it makes hair shiny and slippery. It is also used in some moisturisers for it's 'skin protection' properties. Magnesium stearate is a derivitave from both animal and vegetable oils, and bismuth oxychloride gives cosmetics a pearly effect. I don't want to bore you with an elaborate list of the uses of these ingredients, but I will note some of the interesting findings I came across :)
NO TIME NO SPACE
They say that I went through the period of mindlessness that I described, because of the experimentation. That I was never truly a Mindless One. That it seemed the same as the Mindless One pattern of Hunger Frenzy and then Sentience, was purely coincidental. And the only reason the offspring gained Sentience at all, is because they came from me, a Born One. As my offspring create offspring, and their offspring create offspring, the phase of Sentience will eventually disappear completely. Ereshkigal is spitting with fury.
Because I was such a frightened child and overrun with hate for my peers but primarily for myself, while at school I would try to blend into the background and disappear into the woodwork, a strategy that rarely worked. But when I got to the safety of my own home, I would act up and act out, throwing tantrums and breaking things with no provocation. My mother’s response was to make me go outside and “fetch a switch from the tree.” She rarely actually used it on me; the idea was that the fear of having to fetch the instrument of my punishment would be enough to set me straight.
I am delighted to announce that the super soaraway N E W Love and garbage on Sunday blog will hit the blogstands next week. After catching a glimpse of the vast piles of unsold copies of the new Sun Sunday in my local newsagents I see a clear gap in the market for a new Sunday publication with an independent agenda (and no articles by Toby Young).
“When of the sudden, listening, you shall hear,
SIZE - Flower size
Radnor Lake State Natural Area was designated as Tennessee’s first natural area and protected ecosystem in 1973. More than one million people visit this 1,260-acre urban sanctuary for wildlife and waterfowl each year. Friends of Radnor Lake is a nonprofit organization dedicated to protecting, preserving, and promoting the natural beauty of Radnor Lake through land acquisition, environmental education, and park support.
We spent the rest of the morning being lazy and just enjoying the easy life. I took Cassie over to her friend Kharlin's house. Apparently the teenagers decided to hang out down there and play outside. This midwest girl was amazed by the fact that there were actually cars in the ditch! I mean, it's snowy. The road are icy. But do people not realize that because of that, you can't drive like idiots? I couldn't help but laugh at that.
I am extremely grateful for the life I am living. I am grateful for each and every day with "my girls". I miss you like crazy and I hope you are having fun up there. Please take care of the new little ones that are joining you. I know of at least two mommies that have lost their babies just this week. Those first moments, days and weeks are such a struggle but to know that our babies are safe in the arms of Jesus is at least a little bit of a comfort.
far as WRITER’S BLOCK goes, I haven’t really experienced it…yet. Sure, there are times when I’m taking longer to work out a scene, moving people in and around a room, a ship’s deck, or a hotel’s basement, but I have secrets I use. First, I have a large white board where I draw out the scene and characters, moving them about as modified stick figures, visible from an overhead view—which happens to be just like a crime scene sketch. This way I don’t lose bodies in dynamic fight scenes, and I can get into the little boy mode of playing with toy soldiers, which is something else I’ve done. Other tricks include taking a shower and letting the hot water roll over me. There’s something about the tactile touching that activates the alpha state, where I’m most creative. If that still doesn’t work, I sit down in a chair and do a formal mediation, which is something I learned how to do many years ago. Once I can calm down and relax, the characters can go to work and tell me where the story should go. And a funny little side to this alpha state thing is that I have woken up in the middle of the night only to find the characters ready to play. Rather than fight it, I climbed out of bed, booted up the computer, and wrote it all down. You cannot wait for morning when this happens, because if you let yourself go back to sleep, you will have a dickens’ of a time
Think I will try using red and green on the foil and see how that turns out!
RQTAQ Blog (rqtaqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Each to their own is the rule (although, curiously, talk with any journalist off the record and they are willing to give you their express opinion of who is up to scratch and who is not). The test here is not of the DA, but of the standards to which South Africa's media holds itself. Either it can shoot the messenger, drown it out with invective, or it can interrogate and respond to the message conveyed. If any precedent is to be set, its nature is the media's to determine. The decision it makes in this regard will say much about its attitude.
Achieve greater print quality and image control with the Epson R2400
I take a sponge applicator and some dark ink- I like Walnut Distress Ink and apply all round the edge of the stamped image, work it into the corners so all the white card stock edges are covered.
Maybe Kunda Guruji and others are right. Maybe I do have bhakti!
When Mists of Pandaria was first announced during last year’s Blizzcon, my heart sank. I just didn’t understand it. What are they doing to my beloved game? How am I supposed to take Pandas seriously? Months later, my thoughts towards this expansion haven’t necessarily been changed but they have resigned themselves into complete acceptance. It is what it is. It’s old news now. The shock has worn off and I’m over it. Luckily I acclimated just in time to be able to look forward to the beta with a bit of excitement. This weekend I finally got to dip my toes into MoP and I gotta tell you… my first impressions were very good. I really don’t know what I was so upset about to begin with. I’m not someone who’s necessarily afraid of change, so it was more than that. I guess it just sounded so ridiculous.
where r is the radius of the circle. Now that you have the wheel circumference, this value can be considered as our ‘fixed distance’, and therefore the speed can be calculated by measuring the elapsed time between of a full rotation.
Well, nicks hometown was lot of fun, and Nicks family is great :D I really did enjoy spending time with them and listening them talk Chinese with Sichuan accent- btw- very different from Mandarin. I had hard time understanding even the easiest sentences. :(
Some scholars likened the attitudes of Soviet immigrants to those of the Vietnamese boat people who fled their homeland’s Communist government and of the Cuban refugees who fled the government of Fidel Castro, both of whom took a more conservative tack in the United States than the members of most immigrant groups.
make it pay for soaking our earth
but….What if …..what if I was going 80 MPH?…….What if I was not paying attention to the several signs I passed on that particular road I was on? What if every time a sign came up, I intentionally or unintentionally…looked away…. fiddled with the radio staition…looked in the mirror…?
Formerly yours,
‘Juno.’ His voice sounds bored, like he is just toying with me. It makes me want to hurt him, scratch him with my nails, push him hard so that he knows what it’s like to fall down to the bottom. Instead, I clench my fists into an angry ball. This time, I know Jupiter will not forgive me if I murder another innocent man, annoying though he may seem.
Hope yours is great, and filled with creative moments.
dash of lucuma powder
Ghana’s professor George Ayittey, interviewed this week on TV3, warned that:
As you know I started my new job on Monday, it was working a week in hand and it’s a temporary contract until, well, when the work runs out really (they know we are away in December for a week).
“If we take them some place else, they just call off the war,” Smelly said. “They’ll attack some place else like Hawg Creek Springs.”
Just in time for the Oscars, The Coterie will present the spectacular concert event Red Carpet Memories: A Celebration of Academy Award-Nominated Songs. Featuring an all-star lineup of vocal talent from Broadway, Television and the Los Angeles music scene, this highly-theatrical musical revue will pay homage to some of the most beloved songs in movie history. Relive your favorite movie memories with the songs of Fred & Ginger, Judy Garland, the kids from Fame, Kermit the Frog, and more. The movies have never sounded so good!
The invisible swirl of the terrapin on a zero saucer fuel
Blair stood virtually alone against them, and lost.
As I write this with conviction, I am still waffling back and forth. Do you save only the big stuff for Him or do you give Him everything?
*Stori Rose rolled from her back to her front today! SDR was selling his plasma when it happened so he was pretty bummed that he missed it.
Hell, who knows – maybe we’ll even have actual waking sex this weekend.
I ‘met’ this guy on Match. I wasn’t really that interested in him. I was more or less bored, and he didn’t look like the worst option out there, so I agreed to go out with him.
Business Goals
Proverbs 9:10 uses the word fear,
Spencer was quick to back down, as well. “I’m not sure, yet,” he admitted. “That’s why I’m here to find out.”
through your grace you have carried me
Hapa SF reminds Off the Grid 5M happening soon! 11-2pm at 5th and Minna in the Chronicle Building underpass. See you there!
I like neurology. A lot. I will tell people more than they ever wanted to know about how brains work. I'm pretty into the physics of gymnastics as well, and I'm active in the neurodiversity movement. I was into genetics as well until a prof kind of ruined it for me; I'll be cool with it again in six months or so.
I'll never be cured of this.
A swarm. Best strategy is to keep moving and use broad, sweeping strikes. Tawa instructed. And don't give them a chance to jump on you all at once.
And when I arrived in the afternoon to pick up the tot, everybody was quietly gathered around the ‘Miss’ and listening to a story.
Amenable of such squat close up, it online shop germany be offers united states handful of out of your flat costs.
Take the Colomba out of the fridge and gently glaze it. Scatter the almond on top and bake for 35-40 minutes or until cooked through.
When I visited the Wayne Thiebaud exhibit, I may have absorbed a little bit of the colors for my palette. Perhaps it's the urge to use cobalt for every shadow and dark space in existence, or the fact that I can't stop reaching for the pthalo green and manganese blue, but something is very different about how this has gone so far.
Clearly technology is bent on destroying us.
The named artist, Ai Weiwei, has confessed that he made “perhaps three or four” of the sunflower seeds and, in fact, he had the seeds made in the Chinese city of Jingdezhen, also known as the “porcelain city” of China. Is it really enough to have merely had the idea to be considered as the creator or author of a work? Or perhaps Ai Weiwei commissioned the work and had the rights assigned to him.
Attendees ran from Beer Geeks to sloven morons looking for a quick buzz. More sloven drunks than beer geeks... actually.
STUDIO: Focus
whose large and looming lunar mouth
After this my team got our packet and 3 horses were listed on it. I was given the most advanced of the three which was perfectly fine with me. As a bonus that horse was a big Irish Draught (YES! I scored a big horse!) AND a mare! Double bonus! I went to the barn she was in to find her. She was drop dead gorgeous. Her name is Highfield, she is a 14 year old Irish Draught mare that has also been steeple chased.
Keep in mind that does not have to check for all a Sony digital camera. Sony cameras, which I think is the best available, intends to review.
If Disney is the most accommodating for persons with disabilities, the old buildings in DC are the other end of the spectrum. Now, that doesn’t mean they aren’t accessible…they are. Or that the people who work in them aren’t helpful and friendly…they are. It’s just, there is rarely a ramp or elevator close to the main entrance. Not a big deal when the weather is good, but if the weather is bad, or you have a kids who struggles with the cold…it is not a recipe for a fantastic experience. We bailed and are spending the day close to the hotel.
Salt – As required
I'm sad.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe that I don’t desire an agreement or relationship because I have not wanted to go into relationships or agreements with others and believe that this means that I am evil and do not then deserve to be with anyone.
In closing, folks, whether you ask us to come train you, or you seek out training elsewhere, get training. Learn to run your guns in an expert manner, practice your individual critical skills tasks and common tasks skills and battle drills to mastery. Learn what you need to learn and practice it until you master it.
I cried and carried on all the way from the prep room to the room where the lumbar puncture was to take place. The technician told me to get it together and calm down and be still, that they couldn’t do the procedure if I was moving even the least little bit. Jimmy explained that I have a panic disorder and was without medication. The tech replied that “That’s okay, but she needs to calm down.” Yes, and diabetics can control an insulin coma by willing themselves to feel better. Asshole.
Michelle Yeoh is no stranger to many Ipohans. Since young, I have considered her as my role model because she is from Ballet background. From a small-town girl who aspired to be a Ballerina, then turned beauty queen and mega-super star on the screen. She is somebody I look up to and hope to be like her in future. It was from her, my idol, I started to dream to be a beauty queen one day.
This episode was no "Mystery Spot," but I liked the way all the threads drew together. HATED Sam falling asleep at the wheel (inevitable) and almost doing a head-on with an eighteen wheeler. (Deliberate connection to the end of season 1, or laziness? Given the song they play at the end of the episode, I'm going with deliberate connection. What it means, if anything, I don't know.)
Of course, all of this applies in politics too. And people take it seriously!
We served the egg nests with bacon and a nice romaine salad…
Even if they got a nice advance, say $100,000, they'd still be losing money hand over fist.
After about fifteen minutes Shawn decided to come down, scaling the side of the chimney in the same manor that he scaled it up in. One skate after the other with both arms wrapped around the bricks until he got to the ground.
There are a few people I know what they like. My stepdad and dad have a few authors in common, and my stepdad also likes books like Harry Potter, Percy Jackson and even found the Hunger Games interesting. My sister reads the most and loves YA. One of her favorite authors is Tamora Pierce and she loves reading both fantasy and realistic fiction. She has a Nook now and adores it. However, my two stepsisters... I had no idea what they read or if they read. I know one may not have time right now with her new career as a nurse and the other, well I texted her because I was curious.
peanut butter cup banana bread that is amazing. I'm thinking about doing a Cadbury
Against the scientific prejudice.--The biggest fable of all is the fable of knowledge. One would like to know what things-in-themselves are; but behold, there are no things-in-themselves! But even supposing there were an in-itself, an unconditioned thing, it would for that very reason be unknowable! Something unconditioned cannot be known; otherwise it would not be unconditioned! Coming to know, however, is always "placing oneself in a conditional relation to something" one who seeks to know the unconditioned desires that it should not concern him, and that this same something should be of no concern to anyone. This involves a contradiction, first, between wanting to know and the desire that it not concern us (but why know at all, then?) and, secondly, because something that is of no concern to anyone IS not at all, and thus cannot be known at all.--
Free Henry! – 11:00 p.m. - Mr. Goodbar
probably the best known form of poetry, there are actually two types of haikū ~ traditional and modern.
is a black
This curriculum kit can be used as a supplement to what you are currently doing to teach your child preschool basics…or it can be used all on its own as a complete early learners curriculum tool. It is absolutely not just for home schoolers. Learn Your Letters, Learn to Serve is for any family who would enjoy learning and serving together with little ones. In addition, Learn Your Letters, Learn to Serve Curriculum Kit may be purchased for use in a Sunday School Classroom or Preschool Classroom.
Somehow they’ve managed to get it just right.
the elderly just use their hand and push me away from peeking what's inside the palace room
There's a pit in my stomach, because I know this. I know there's been a final goodbye. I know cell phones still allow some contact, some last minute I love yous, and text messages read "still waiting," "heading for the plane," and "will be in touch ASAP." I know the phones will then probably be put away for the next year, and the next word will come from Germany, through email and Facebook. It might be tomorrow. It might be a couple of days.
M followed me into the laundry room. Then she got bored. And when M gets bored it usually means trouble of some kind. Today was no exception. She crawled into my bedroom and started playing under DH's desk. Normally, I don't mind - she has toys scattered throughout every room, and she usually pulls one to her choice sitting spot and entertains herself. Except that today, she somehow managed to get tangled up in a lamp cord.
As I said before, I don't want to be your enemy. I don't want to keep you from believing what you believe, or living how you wish to live. If you force me to, however, I will stand in unwavering defense of what I believe is right. I will point out the inconsistencies of your arguments. I will oppose your chosen politicians. I will move to counter your actions at all levels of government. If you choose to use your religion as justification for your actions, I will attack it mercilessly, too. In short, I will not let you take away my rights or co-opt the integrity of this country in the name of your God.
Of course I would love to expand on what I like
Pocket Dial by The Possum Posse
We're having a Release Party, and it is full of great activities, stamp set reveals, and fun with friends! All of the partying will take place in our Release Party forum, so be sure to bookmark it!
My mother was worried about them because they were gone for a bit longer than we thought they would be, and my mother is telling Mark to "text A and see if they need anything. See if they're ok." Uncle D is just laughing at my mother at this point because Cousin A and W are both doctors. If they have a medical issue, out of everyone at the house that day, they're the one's who would know what to do!
“I enjoyed your sharing of rare disco tunes and the Auntie Mame flourishes of redecorating your apartment. And of course the handsome nearly naked mens that caught your eye.”
“It certainly would be an error of the first order for us to plunge out into a programme of promises and bribes in the hopes of winning the public favour. But if you say to me: `What account are we to give of the policy of the Conservative Party? What are we to say of our theme and our cause and of the faith that is in us?’ That is a question to which immediate answer can always be given.
Frank MacKay, the Independence Party chairman, went so far as to claim that not only didn't he know, but that he couldn't recall the name of the consultant who supposedly recommended he hire the firm. NYP January 30, 2010. Leaders of the city Independence Party -- which has been feuding with MacKay for years -- suggested the entire set-up might be "corrupt." On February 11, 2011 the NYP wrote DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft The DA filed court papers that described the party as a "noncriminal defendant" that helped political operative John Haggerty steal Bloomberg's campaign cash late in the 2009 mayoral race. According to court papers party VP Connolly and Haggerty also fabricated a written contract to make it appear the party had contracted with Haggerty to conduct the Election Day operation. . . Dennis Lemke, one of the party's lawyers, denied that the party knew of Haggerty's alleged million-dollar scam. He said the party was prepared to return any of the mayor's remaining funds -- but only to the mayor. A footnote in the indictment said party officials kept "a portion of the stolen funds." Campaign records show that Bloomberg wired $100,000 to the party's housekeeping account on March 12, 2009. Four days later, state party Chairman Frank MacKay received $60,000 from that account for unspecified "consulting" duties. Political insiders said the timing of the mayor's $100,000 donation indicates it was intended as a goodwill gesture, since he was negotiating at the time with MacKay's hated rivals in the city Independence Party, which controlled the Independence ballot line for mayor. Bloomberg ended up contributing $400,000 to the city Independence Party after securing the line * Indy Party chief in jam over wife loan The wife of the chairman of the state Independence Party solicited and received a $10,000 business loan from a candidate (Tabacco) who got the party's coveted endorsement days later. I implore the chair to explain to [party] members statewide if contracting with GRI is a prerequisite to the political-patronage machine called the New York State Independence Party," Tabacco said.* DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft(NYP) * Indy Party $till frozen(NYP) * The state Independence Party came under withering attack Tuesday from a judge who said it betrayed its members by poorly monitoring a $1.2 million donation from Mayor Bloomberg. "It doesn't smell right," Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Martin Shulman*Independence Party Accused of Failing to Monitor Funds - NYTimes The Manhattan district attorney’s office has also filed a civil suit against the party, accusing it of helping to cover up Mr. Haggerty’s scheme, a charge the party has denied. “Nothing here suggests anybody was watching the store,” the judge said. “I’m more interested in hearing why you believe you get a pass in terms of your chairman and your vice chairman not having a clue of where the $1.1 million went.”* SI DA Probe opened by Staten Island of Independence Party's $10G loan in exchange for City Council nod
Pen
Box of gallon freezer bags with the zipper closure (TRUST ME. Get the zippered ones!)
Emily's card was for her science teacher, Ms. Moore, who was the favorite this year. This card was very similar but I added flower shaped buttons to make it a bit more girly:))
A short note to state that I have received a letter from Brit Writers’ solicitors requesting that I remove all references to the BWA from this website. I have therefore done so. I request that all Word Clouders refrain from mentioning the BWA in any way on this site. Any new posts or comments will be removed.
On Ash Wednesday the San Fernando Magistrate Court heard two matters brought by Mr Roopnarine and his daughter Sharda Roopnarine Ramsajan, after allegations were made by Mr. Roopnarine’s former son-in-law Damian Ramsajan.
In a statistical analysis written up a few years ago in the journal Democratization, I found that countries belonging to the World Trade Organization (WTO) or its predecessor, the GATT, were more likely to attempt and sustain democratic government than ones that did not. By contrast, I found no such “boost” from participation in global or regional human-rights treaty regimes. This WTO effect showed up in models that also included a measure of trade openness, suggesting that the increased trade flows that membership is supposed to produce were not the source of the association. The statistical analysis wasn’t properly designed to identify a causal relationship, but I speculated that the WTO effect had to do with institutional and organizational changes it spurred within countries seeking to join:
“During the first two or three years in __________, your skills seem to improve almost daily. It is not about __________, you have that down halfway through ___________. As one of my professors once explained, doing _________ is no more physically difficult than writing in cursive. _________mastery is about familiarity and judgement. You learn the problems that can occur during _________ or with a particular __________, and you learn how to either prevent or respond to those problems.”
ancient breath of incense
It's a white gel/creme and it dries clear once you rub it in. A tiny amount goes a long way, I barely used any under both eyes.
I noticed in the Mirror and the Sun the other night (don’t look at me funny, I get paid to read the tabloids sometimes) reports about a six-year-old boy with a huge book deal. Being under deadline, I skimmed the articles and assumed that the real story behind them was something fairly prosaic: a ghostwritten book with a cute kid to front it, the idea of some canny publisher or other.
02 Catch A Wave
On April 19th 2012 I attended International trade Seminar at WORLD CHAMER OF COMMERCE at 200 Peachtree. The founder of the Chamber is Solange Warner – an amazingly strong and visionary woman who cares most about standing up against human traffic.
1957: Crowd gathers. Mark wins. Johnny and Mark shake hands and end up buddies.
I walk up the muggy street beginning to sun
The First Lady showing up for Darden's announcement is a terrific incentive for other restaurateurs to follow suit and make changes, Nestle said.
She "knows" my hair! She knows where the cowlicks are; she knows how it lays here and there; she understands when I describe something new I want to do.....she just "knows".....
The film was explicitly written as a vehicle for the star. After Magnolia bombed, Anderson had a falling out with New Line, who had produced both that film and Boogie Nights while giving him unprecedented freedom. Anderson was able to do PDL because Sandler had a lucrative production deal with Revolution Studios—who let Anderson do what he wanted as long as Sandler was in it. In a way, he was a kind of “hired” hand with the movie—literally brought in by Revolution to shepherd an “Adam Sandler film.” Its the closest that Anderson came to being an old-fashioned Hollywood studio auteur—the kind of filmmaker who works within the pre-existing genre confines and expectations of something like Sandler’s frat-boy mode of comedy.
Her living sisters were afraid of their own toys because they didn’t know what toys had belonged to the dead girl and they didn’t want to play with the toys of somebody who was dead. They had played so freely and intensely that they could not separate the toys of the living from the toys of the dead.
He wields the sword Sarcasm like an extension of himself, fluidly and precisely. He isn’t into purses, but he likes shoes. Guy shoes, you know. He skies and snowboards, but he likes snowboarding better. He doodles, but he doesn’t doodle flowers or horses; he doodles dragons and superheroes and spends time wondering what superpower he would pick if he were to one day get struck by lightning or fall accidentally into a vat of toxic waste. He knows neither of those things will ever happen.
So... what did you have last weekend? If you're new to the Weekend Eating meme, you can read the rules and get the badge codes HERE. My heartfelt thanks to everyone who joined last week.
This week there were two grim news stories illustrating the callousness of American society towards its young adults.
Ok, So I forgot about my gratitude list until I was too busy getting ready for ARGH to sit at the computer - and then I was gone for this wednesday. So I have two lists I want to do right now before the kids wake up.
"Last Journey: A Father and Son in Wartime" has received warm reviews. In the seventh year of the war, myriad books on Iraq have sprouted on store shelves. But this has been lauded for its unique voice.
This one is in the kitchen and involves…can you guess?? I’m sure you’ll be shocked.
- One entry per person (unless you use a Little Miss Muffet Stamps image)
Last Friday my mom and I went shopping. Lets just say I scored in the shoe department. :) We went to a thrift store and I got some awesome looking shoes. They are so comfortable and they were $5 + 50% off = $2.50!!! The nude heels we found at JCPenny's. I had been looking for shoes like them for my brothers wedding in July. :) I got the sandals from Payless and they are amazingly comfortable. I think it was a very successful trip. :)
Last year we got rides to and from the shuttle pick-up point thanks to the kindness of strangers. This year, too. Show cowboy John Hustead gave us a ride there in his pickup truck and Agua Dulce residents Paul and Carrie Riley gave us a lift back. Thanks, kind strangers who are now friends!
If it can shine with someone’s love
It has now came to light that the SA police have "lost" 20 429 weapons since April 2004.
E@L's eyes are now glazing. It's fascinating, but how is he going to remember all this? The wind is burning cold. Bitter, cold, like an ex-girlfriend. They move into the single shed, quite a few barrels, lots he supposes, but at least, hey out of the wind. There is a dead bird at the doorstep. Gift from a cat?
So when I said that communists have murdered 100,000,000 people in the last century by starving, executing, or freezing them to death in gulags, that doesn’t actually count, but when an African kid dies of malaria because angsty urban American liberals got DDT banned to protect bird’s eggs, that’s the fault of capitalism… Gotcha.
For the right Faith is, that we believe and confess, that our Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of
Seen from this angle, the mystery of the Pyramids on the seabed has been resolved. We are simply seeing the results of a cataclysmic earth changing event which resulted in raised sea levels and many lost coastal civilizations. Scientists know more about the surface of the moon then they do about the depths of the earth’s oceans. Perhaps we should follow James Cameron’s lead and start asking more questions about what is really down there – maybe even exploring for ourselves.
Thanks for following this journey!
Passwords
-Drain the water and squeeze out the excess water.Keep aside.
Secondly, they don’t know exactly why the methods seem to work. None of the researchers have medical expertise on autism.
The intra-Western, Atlantic ties between Europe and North America will still be the most important and defining global axis. Although not impossible, this is probably not the most likely alternative at this point, given the economic and cultural weakness of Europe in particular.
So, how much sense does it make for us actively to increase the adult population of what is already a vastly over-populated, environmentally devastated and economically dependent country?
Thea is officially a spinster. After a few seasons attempting to garner attention with youth and ribbons and no dowery to speak of Thea left the ballrooms of the country and settled into life as a Vicar’s sister. She spends her days writing her brother’s sermons and keeping her nose in a book. Many a fine hour is spent in quiet study of the latest tomes.
They're actually boxed brownies taken up a notch!
Location: First Street Corner Third Street
on the magic button below and it will take you directly to a shopping cart that contains everything you would need to make it. Once there, you can simply and easily remove any of the items that you already have in your craft stash.
Choline Bitartrate – See Lecithin.
In our past experience, a coronal mass ejection (CME) precipitates a flurry of electromagnetic activity on earth, including increased crop circle appearances.
* A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary.Dorothy Canfield Fisher
E-mail
Part of what makes us more fruitful is God working in us in pruning us. This is the Greek word καθαίρει the present, indicative, active form of καθαίρω or kathairō. This is the act of purification or cleansing to make something free from filth. God does this in all of us to make us more fruitful in His Kingdom. This can sometimes hurt. He takes away some things that we have our hearts set on. He changes our lives in ways we would not choose. He may take away our health, our job, whatever it takes to purify us to make us Kingdom ready to make us free from any improper mixture or contamination of the world and its ways.
DONG!
