"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
67% of US wholesalers surveyed are more optimistic on their business now than three months ago, highest % in over a year. Via UBS Survey
Sonny Rollins honored on CBS: Kennedy Centers Honors! Jazz on network television. That's real "reality" television!
RT : The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. - William James
Hope your move to SF went well! For fun, try Hangar One in Alameda. Great tour! We just explored Great Lakes beer, here in OH.
cool you jet skies and
This Monday, November 22, we will be posting our new song "BOUT TO GET ON IT"!!! Get ready!!!
They look great!
It's MONDAY.
I'm in, but shouldn't we buy them together?
If anybody has a Path feel free to add me.
That show is going to be so much fun.
My seminar on philosophy of the arts discussed "Mulholland Drive". It remains indecipherable. We took a Sontag-esque approach.
[ #GeorgeClooney + The President = major political Soirée. Where? G's House. Burbank-Hollywood Proper | Watch #LA routes for traffic - oxox]
Being Ignorant is not an attractive feature on anyone
go Blue #masterchefau ... would not be any of you for all the money in the world! Well done everyone
Me too 😥. Grr. I want to go there so bad. At Canterbury were already starting to figure out where we wanna go to college:/
About to make a pretty massive update to the website & about to publish a blog site.
hello there
How many times can someone hurt you, and get away with it...
no shit. Just starting that myself. Wiskey Travels. Take it with you to Starbucks or something.
Shows they're probably putting a lot of effort into making it a great Android app, not just another iOS port that doesn't fit.
signing into my #Verizon and it offered me the #ipadhd I think #Verizon is saying I need one
Umm , like really they're makinn me tweet
Is it just me or is twitter so slow? lol -Vivi.
Follow me Please, I love You <3
I also believe that SS tax cut should not happen. There is already enough concern with SS. All of the baby boomers retiring.
I don't see it coming with an iPad or a iPhone. Makes no sense. With an Apple TV or Apple branded TV, yes.
#Blazers take a 10 pt lead into the 4th over the #Warriors. with 26 matching entire GSW bench pts
What a night of protecting #Pittsburgh need some sleep for training this weekend. Questions? Just tweet at me!
Spinning deep, soul, sexy house at the EPIC hotel from now til 11pm...come by, Miami is beautiful tonight!
Collaboration can happen at lunch. Just make sure that teachers bump into each other when not teaching.
yay!!! Thank you!
um. your bio.
Nice article. Anyways, you're going to get sick from chicken and unwashed veggies in same bag, plastic or not.
Some people just make me laugh. What a night!
sign n trade
Then what do u call it? Lebron got MVP again and u hate on da kid smh
THERE'S a shock.
I think she wanted to clear it out so she could have 1st pick of the bargains. It worked.
Current bid is $1500, do I hear $1600?
have a great flight!!!
I saw a hint of noir in your tweet, Allen. Write on!
Has to write a 7pg. paper on an opposing argument & I picked animal experimentation but I cant put my opinion in...this is gonna be hard. =/
Which hospital are you at? I'll totally bring you coffee
Westbrook way to quick for Blake
Me: yea computer take that! Your getting shut down! How do ya feel about that? Rachel: Cassie your computer doesn't have feelings. Hahaha
i'm so sorry. i can't relate at all. but i'm just sorry you're hurt bc of it. =( *big squeezy hug*
Goodmorning all you beautiful people out there!!
As a trace of obedience, pay strict attention to the commands of God.
yes I do
Academic publishing has embraced the e-journal, and the prospects for e-books also look promising: Give me an 'E'
Thanks for the RT Love your store!
Great so far! How's yours?
Thanks for the retweet! Are you part of
Nothing wrong with change.
": Bodemeister did run great, but if that race goes 10 more yards he finishes out of the money."10 yds less and he's a champ.
Who's ready for To come Home? RT.
I 1st started wearing Micros because i loved them on back in tha day,Now Im going Natural because she inspires
we shood prolly link up soon and talk about stuff. This has been the longest planned meeting of my life
Come watch the Cardinal's tonight in HD!
lol thats really funny I feel sorry for you!
where did u hear tht or wat website i need 2 noe !! :D
Please tell me you put your Michigan pride to the side and at least picked MSU to make it out of the first round!
Ridgewood Country Club
Hello ! Hope you're having a great weekend! Thank you for the shout-out.
ready for ya book club!
#librarians - anyone got data on whether getting an insti. membership to e.g. increases the number of faculty publishing in PLOS?
Why do you insist on being stupid and annoying?
Thank you so much for your support :)
If you want to work from home ill show fastest way to succeed at Oxygen4Energy simple #: 712-432-3066 ACCESS CODE: 970467 FEB 8TH 9 PM EST
Drake just asked me for my number.
Wow Caps, way to choke
Props to for being able to pull a last-minute #drupalcon session out of his you-know-what.
stop you guys. What if they aren't having sex. Thought these people were your friends
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough
Happy Birthday Baby Brother<3
good morning everyone!!!!
I really enjoyed it as picked up the book. Also blogged about it. Look forward to my family's adventures.
Arlo Guthrie took the stage - playing Alabama Bound, 1913 Massacre and I Hear You Sing Again. Beautiful!
Big shipment of designer overstock priced 75% off hits Filene's Basement Sunday March 22. Apparel for men and women, shoes, bags, etc.
New cd "Our Time" released Friday Night in Dayton, Ohio I will be performing all weekend with
Just got done with sound check for the senior choice awards. Should be a great time! Hope to see everyone here!!
Smoking while you're pregnant, don't explain it to me, but to the unborn child you're fucking up.
Yes, magical realism. Who knows,maybe the next cup I brew will transport me to a neon planet that rains tea & crumpets!
Tonight's the night w/ for #ATasteofFashion! Visit beforehand & don't forget to ride in style with !
you're the chance to my shadow
Mark Cuban. I got nothing
thank you! Miss you lots! Xo
definitely thinking about it!! I'd be here for 4 years rather than 3.5, but literally I should be thankful for that hah
God doesnt answer prayers right away,jus like Abraham he prayed YEARS 4 nd they got it when he was 100
quit putting that face! You have emojis now!
People with more than 10000 tweet but have under 100 followers need to stop sucking at life
Please bed let me go! Release me now!
😂LOL my gma thought FYB stood for frozen yogurt bar!! and
So I flip that middle finger and the index finger follow. Chucking deuces tonight.
When big ass ppl squeeze in small ass seats on the train -___- <<<.
At UW about to hear talk about failing. I should be the keynote speaker on this topic. I mean, really. C'mon.
1 in every 13 people on the planet are on Facebook. We will prob be asked to give our FB status at Border Control soon!
“: SIUC domecoming. Two thousand and gay.”. That's kinky Brigit. Hot.
2k12 WHO FEELS DIFFERENT WHAT REMAINS THE SAME WHATS NEXT ? FROM SQUALA''IF EYE COULD LIVE AGAIN'' TELL U
I will think about it
oh that's awesome (:
Please tell me how I can make Teen Hoot better for the fans??
Full service luxury office, providing you with all the necessary material for business development.
Never again will I ever buy another bullshit piece of junk phone. Unless one day I decide that I could really use an aneurysm.
Gosh April I still awake laying in her bed looking at her Mobil ! Goto sleep little baby ! It's bed time ha
Baby baby baby oh....lol yes I'm listening to Justin bieber
O boy need more followers.
The only place I want to be right now is sitting in the open-roofed Miller Park watching the #Brewers. Alas, I'm in a dorm room studying.
Hm.. What should I cook?
Wow, that unwatched pot just boiled pretty darn quickly.
"This ring is SPECTACULAR! Beautifully clear stone, quick shipping. A+" - Ann from Clearwater, Florida
Glad to see Blackberry is investing in some advertising... Only four years too late.
I am looking for additional partners and customers to meet with in Minnesota next week. Please le me know if you are interested.
To tell you the truth, prolly wouldn't think about that. I can tell you I have never worn one out on a shoot.
Please follow me :) please please please
Fair enough...!
that makes 2 of us
it's so sad how much people change..
Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili begin the fourth quarter on the bench. They're probably all done for the night.
We did a pop up library at a hackathon in Chicago a few weeks ago.
Why, oh why, is there a "very long wait" for a DVD of Cabaret, America? Really?
it's old. And not quite as cute.
that's a better image.
are and competitors?
Realtor: first you folks tell me what you can afford, then we'll have a good laugh and go on from there :D
lol I was just telling some about that the other day. He emotionally scared.
A game that is John Lackey vs Brian Matusz should be banned from TV for graphic and disturbing imagery.
- I remember seeing the video for "Spanish Sahara" and being entranced by the images & sound.
Cameroon pres elections holding Sunday, October 9. About 21 candidates running against incumbent president
You have to turn your talents into profits
Good seeing you today. It's been a while..
Breakfast with grandma and gramps! 😊😘
“: I've seen them! They're right across from my dentist.” yep they are pretty
From I'd rather suck my dads dick then yours
I really wanted to see The Hunger Games tomorrow.
Oh, perfect! We're covered, then. :)
Before speaking, take a breath. Ask yourself, "Is it worth it?" - Marshall Goldsmith
#iug2012 views into the database allow local reports to keep working even when the underlying tables are changed. Good stuff.
PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
I was talking about the iPod touch 3G the PREVIOUS GENERATION
a penny for your thoughts, a dollar for your dreams
This is what I love abt the 305: media is out of touch, someone says, because the cultural salad is always changing
who? rt - Really? Ben on The Bachelor=Ho-hum! We want a NEW cutie we cn get excited about! Sloppy seconds=boring!
Wed 11/9 Mark Towns bass, Skip Nallia piano, & Eric Charles vocal at Eddie V's WestAve (Houston) 7-11pm
Heading to the airport to go home. Had a solid weekend. Raced two thirty lap races, came home with a 2nd and 3rd. Leaned a lot!
LOL! RT via Shoeless Joe Jackson and Shirtless Bo Jackson would have had a hard time getting service together.
RT “: How can you tell when Mitt Romney is about to LIE? He CHUCKLES.”
Hummus in my future
Gah, I'm off Twitter when Duck Dunn dies? I need to know this stuff!
too early. need coffee. stat.
I think that is totes cute (:
And I say to myself, it's a wonderful world. - Louis Armstrong
Good morning, starshine... the earth says hello!
Dropping 13 y.o. off at the clock at Grand Central for a rendezvous w/ out of town friends brought back fun memories of my own teenage yrs.
I asked her if she liked black guys and she said she doesn't know any and in the Philippines black guys are bad.
Goodnight Everyone ♥ Sending you Amazing love to you! Have a wonderful day and #HappyThursday! ♥
Definitely! We work in a creative industry and it is all about new ideas :-)
it's today haha. Joining the 30 club.
now I want some
Austin is just so lovable. I could never, ever be mad at him.
I wish I could...she's not here anymore
Needle and thread are half clothing. - Spanish Proverb
ppl be pissing me off
Aw YEAH! America’s Got Talent kicks off Monday w/ new judge Howard Stern! Make sure to check it out Monday, May 14th on NBC 7!
“: So if Donovan McNabb is worth $78 million, what is Michael Vick worth?” 3x that
That's sweet!
thanks! which one you going to go to?
Perfect weather for #Christmas shopping in #NYC !
done, follow me (=
done c:
yes<3 If you look back things have changed so much compared to now. It's so hard for me to keep up.
Watch them make Chicago look better than it is.
Time to eat
why the hell not?! 😡
i wish for that too.
Mitt gets question about RomneyCare, slams a dead Ted Kennedy to get a rise, awk pause from audience. Fuck you Mitt Romney.
I don't feel like taking her, her stuff
Happy Twitter bday! Talked about u 2 yesterday to some FB peeps before their 1st event.
Just heard about a crash at I-25 and Colorado- CDOT cam shows a major backup-- becareful out there people.
My Hand Writng Is So Big . One Sentace Takes Up 7 Lines Of Paper . ;o Lol .
We're getting a sneak peek at an inspiring story about a cheerful mailman slated to run later this week
They called it Twitter because Everybody Poops was taken.
Why isn't anyone following my personal twitter ?
thanks for looking into it! Appreciate it :)
yeah, the scythe through the face did it for me... That episode was intense!
no way did you see the comeback win by the mariners against the blue jays
#saturdaylibrarian man i wish i was still in bed.
can u please follow me, it would make this mahomie's dream come true :)
There are 3 ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
We used to enjoy "Pizza Thursday". We now enjoy "Pizza Wednesday". Maybe the work week will go quicker that way???
April showers bring Mike Blowers.
so SO love your photo!!
How cool!
Shout musical tonight! :
Thanks for following LakeTravisIns.
Of course! There are so many great choices in that area, but that is one of my favorites :)
THanks for the follow, Travis - link isn't working tho!
I got a lil buzz to..
I got a 94 on my Chem test!
Hey it's BK, Are you going to see new movie The Hunger Games, this weekend, gonna wait, or not interested?
Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulders. I don't want to look back.
how would that differ from straight popular vote
you aren't following so I can't Dm it
Great day for a parade and festival! Come see us at the Festival today and tomorrow.
And i getta dye my huurr c:
FF these awesome tweeters
I miss seeing all of you wrestling.
Christmas baking has begun!
Well, I wanted to do something revolutionary!
I guess popcorn is whole grain carbs, right? Fuel for my upcoming 1000 yard lap swim ce soir . . . mon dieu
Thx! RT : I talked to the manager at Starbucks.... Left you a message through your website :) Have a great day!
“: #WeLoveLilKim is trending? Who's we? Not ME.!!!” weeeaaakkk 
Really don't care anymore
Thank you, thank you, thank you for updating the syncing. I see my reading plan from my mac on the iPad for the first time this year!
Where is the party at?
Check out the diamond dezign ideas promotions on the diamond networ!
it's on you. I do music every day.
Still don't think this Heat team is built for a title
#ShawFacts Andrew Shaw is Innocent
congratulations. Well deserved
If you desire to be appreciated, praised and loved, give plenty of them.
Sipping a 750 of Harvest Ale - brought to me from Kalamazoo by - pretty awesome fresh harvest ale.
Good word, I'm having a positive influence on you!
at this time next week, i'll be T minus 12 minutes to the Avengers premier in IMAX 3D
*Hopes and prays that the Flordia heat stalks her back to Chicago and chants* No More snow! No more snow! XD
jajaja I got you homie! Btw You're 👍👌in my book for loving frees.
But basketball is so much more interesting :-)
i love my spurs. love em love em love em. ♥
The height of AP season is upon us. Stress for teachers & students is the order of the day. Study, study! Tell them they will be successful.
I'm watchin Day After Tomorrow after #ufc145 if I'm still awake
yes!! and he always does lol tho sometimes with complaining
I agree ^^
an anti-endorsemnt, does that mean you pay them?
That's 11 in the books. King 2, Churchill 2. If King wins, they'll have to play at least seven more.
Crappit. My laptops dying again... talk to you later peeps. I love you. Alot. Even if you dont love me back :-)
My favorite messy recipe is my homemade marinara. It has to simmer for 5 hrs and it always bubbles all over the stove!
Thought the same thing and I watched him at Temple.
so prom is looking pretty lame for me.
Of course u and ur friend can sit next to me, undergrad. It's not like ur pointless and stupid conversation is gonna bother me one bit. Nope
Holloway-Attaway How can we use our affective experiences with texts to create and share our own collaborative practices?
Congrats, on an amazing race this weekend!
You get my Facebook
I'm always a little ahead
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy caroline~ hope you had a fab day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
I was totally digging "Spunderground" last night w/ Bomb Shel. Driving some teenagers around and they were into it too.
Don’t go to a beginning photographer, come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you
First trip to the capitol! Here we go!
Summer needs to hurry the fuck up. Sick of school and all the shit that comes along with it.
dude im looking at a display of a picture of a display of a picture. Whoa
In tha nude !!
Drum roll.......and the winner of the 5 free entries to the Bedlam Mud Run is..........Selena Thomas!!!!!
someone tried to break into the office over the weekend ..
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. - Ralph Nader
#GOP says,"Im a good guy": ,explain 2 Amers how ur supportng a BUDGET that Cath Bishops condmn as "IMMORAL" is good!
varsity my favorite style
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~Oprah Winfrey
I think Friday would work best! Aw, I can't wait to see you!! (:
Working on some tracks epic and def jam wants to meet me soon as my songs are completed can't wait to get these songs rolling .
please follow she is you biggest fan!48
i believe in a thing called love! Just listen to the rhythm of my heart!
I wish I was in vacation! Have a great time! Do some push ups! Ha!
that's coo I'm a huge mma fan I probably have more knowledge of the sport than anyone! Who's your favorite fighter?
hell yeah
My iPhone is now pink
Spring Break was GREAT! How about yours? (: <3
Need more sleep!!!!
Thanks to whose contribution pushed us over 200 policies in the online database
I wonder if 640 million people will win a dollar tonight
I have a client that needs pr and promotional help here in ny. Steve
I am wise and #confident in all matters. I approve of myself 100%. I ask for help when I need it. I believe in myself.
not good at all for the C's
lol when I said home, I meant Dallas. Won't be in the Chi till July.
: I don't think there's a pot big enough for a giraffe...may you can use a pool
. . . Pair it with a pint of Rohrbach's. Vanilla Porter & Highland Lager are on special during Happy Hour today, Scotch Ale is...
I will b at the DETROIT LIONS game tomorrow! Let's get it Calvin Johnson!
#ThankYou for the recommend! We are about the power of creative expression and how it creates a world of peace (via )
WHAT ARE YOU ON.
Rebecca's House of Coffee only place in a 100 miles 103 South Main Street, Elk City, OK 73644-5743 no website
Tomorrow is gonna be a year since I met my idol and inspiration, Oh my goodness. I'm gonna cry!
That akward moment when your BF/GF see's a sexy/hot guy/girl while being with you and he/she's like "Woo s"
GO HARD HE AIN'T BULL SHYTING
I hate when I do this. I came home, ate dinner and fell asleep. Not it's 1am and I'm wide awake. Stupid naps.
Thanks for the re-tweets! We look forward to seeing everyone on Wednesday!
in toggle_visibility(), change visibile -> visible -- safari/chrome might default to vis.?
RT“: Full moon looks great on the waves of Lake Michigan tonight, I'm tempted to jump right in after my meeting with D.A. today.”
My Galaxy Nexus runs ICS. I like it, tho it reboots spontaneously. Looking forward to the coming OS upgrade.
When people touch my feet <<<< #footphobia ❌👟
always ya betch!!! You scoop any frat stars at fox fields?
Like momma Cheryl said, I'm the only one left to go on a mission trip.
in NYC now! Going to va for a few days again tomorrow cause I have a class on Wednesday!
can you post the studio version on your youtube asap? :))))))
European circus in town - Inside Tucson Business European circus in town Inside Tucson Business by Herb Stratford UApresents hosts Zoppe
True, that would be cheatN : Yeah but it's not like boosters are giving UK players prepaid debit cards or anything.
Rick Santorum loves government programs. Is that the new definition of conservatism?
Are you a good speller? We need your help for today's radio spelling bee at noon Call 410-235-1157 @
How can Andrew Bynum have such an incredible work ethic but play like a lazy piece of crap sometimes?
Would inserting a <link rel="prerender"> to the DOM of a background page work for an omnibox/tabs extension?
great game today! congrats!
Works for my dog Jasper. RT "Why can't wars be decided by peeing on things?" -- A pacifist pee fetishist
thanks for chatting :-)
#ifiDontGetBelieveTickets ill hang myself
I'm officially the best packer ever. My bag weighed in at 50 lbs EXACTLY! Farewell, Colorado! Until we meet again...
hey hey hey. How are you?
listening to #Prokofiev Sonata #9 - amazing and underestimated piece.
"With respect, we're letting ourself into your house to take your tv. But we'll fix it up & you can come over and watch it!"
Bummer, I wanted to hear more about the exhibit. Join us next time!
hope u had a good xmas, sit up!
#dropbox wiki thanks - on ubuntu, tomboy notes are nice: can edit and synch w/one.ubuntu.com - says works on mac /win
This was amazing!!!!
thank you love your tweets XO
I'm taking a hair curler i hope one of the sicurites doesn't take it out and asks "whats this" it looks like a dildo yo.
Petersen: "Given how the profit motive has worked its way into our education system, [an open access] future should not be counted on."
most likely to be trill og
I know it's early to mention it, but tonight (& all Fridays from now on) every cocktail on our list is $5!
My coochie said hi.......
CES unveiled was a blast! Lifestyle Connect is now official...
Hope you found the workshop useful, Liz!
The Podcasts can't happen until I get the sound files from the radio station :(
Vision is not enough, it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps. We must step up the stairs.....
The Bell’s Rich Jones testifying now on HB 1075 re: Reinstating 6% limit on General Fund appropriations. We oppose it.
Happy Holidays, everyone at HQ!
Eat a protein packed breakfast. Digesting protien takes up to seven times more energy.
Today Was The 1st day Ive Ever Changed Outside Infront Of Everyone But U Kno What I Dont Care I Mean If Juice Went Everywhere U'd Do It Too
Getting sick :/
Thank you! Have a wonderful time at college! :)
welcome to the community. Let us know if you have any questions.
Anyone else hoping for a Baha Men reunion tour?
I just dominated family board game night by winning both Settlers of Catan and Ticket to Ride.
van is packed... tucson tomorrow night and then Gods Country.... oh shit
BEST show I have ever seen! It changed my life!!
32 days to SUPER BOWL XLVI! Special s/o to my Twitter favs who are making the run!
I love that I have the kind of job where I can actually be more effective with a buzz.
Yes. And I have minions.
it's called companionship. The dogs love the rides and tourist love them--or most---not you.
I didn't know
Tomorrow the 20th ● Taste of Africa, 6pm – 8pm @ Vandy Cabaret Room. Experience and enjoy food from different African countries!
“: thanks for the RT! ^TO” Sharing In It All! ;)
para-para-paradise; every time she closed her eyes.
I agree!
Tweeting power yeehaaw!!
Our fund raiser raised $3k for High Tech High Int and had 75 people. Thank you all for the support. we have the best clients!!
"Harry was attacked by a goat when he was 10." LOL. I would love to see this!
(4-sale) real estate in Costa Rica 4-5 star resort properties. jv 's also looking for funding in costa rica,
I ain't ask u to smile u suppose to say it bak!! Lol
8/23/2010 The best time of day to Tweet and how often to post on Twitter BusinessBlogs
true that! shouldn't have to
Good morning sunshine(s)! Thank you for the follow !
i just took a chill pill. It should relax me......
So true. I keep expecting that hash tag to be a photo link. Then it isn't.
plants means LIFE, thank you for folowing us.
My mouth is watering seeing the picture. That salad is so damn delicious. Go back tomorrow and have one for me please!
Happy Monday! It's like 105F again, crazy hot!
Your new website looks fantastic and is easy to navigate! Great job!
RT : What u niggas buying that's making you struggle while making 50k a year ---$50K ain't much esp if u have kids cc:
On May 5th, 1862, at Battle of Williamsburg, General Longstreet fought Union forces under General George McClellan.
Our friend is always unpredictable. One of the most creative, talented, and menacing minds in the biz!
Don't have words for how mad it makes me to try to handle family biz & be told they* have to talk to my husband.*cable, insurance, bank, etc
I hate when there is nothing to eat at homee. -__-
Yum.... A great place for a cold or hot drink. Check out Taco Friday's and great soups/sandwich deals too! I Love this place!!
Tell your mom i said good job & thankyou for blessing me with you. your such a beauty<3
ugh are you fucken serious -__-
Sister, this story hurt me. : I posted it on my fb ..... Smh sometimes I lose so much hope in our judicial system."
ugh we should've done that on our rainy days! Season 2 is the best for a 12 hour couch marathon
lol thats not too far! only a 6 hour flight! haha come take a vacation out here and get some ink! :D
Congrats! Also, I'm sorry I missed your birthday--hope it was a good one.
Seriously I put you food carts through college and no one wants to roll by GK today? 150 people here wanting food later.
i knew you'd take advantage of the word "anywhere" lmao
how rude
If you don't vote for The Fray will sing at every major sporting event for a year
Was that a joke Garry?
I see what you mean! :-)
These woman on sportscenter cannot talk. Their studdering as a team
Would u ever be down to star in a music video? Like nothing sexual lol. I'm looking for someone and your perfect :)
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F. Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo. Come you and enjoy some tunes!
I just declared next Sunday "Take a Jew To Church Day" to help them become completed Christians! Love you Ann and Jesus!!!
What a gorgeous start to the day! Come out and get a storage unit 50% off for your first two months!
RT : Find our Top 100 Best Free #Kindle #Books which is updated daily on #Squidoo. #novel #DigitalBookToday -...
actually LOVING it!!! Battery life is a little shaky, but overall, its a pretty awesome piece!
I need a life
come on over
Silently Raging In Class....By Myself
Livestock is $35 billion industry in
so is Applebee's, but not nearly as enjoyable.
K. Medicine time.
tickets to: Spiderman - Turn off the Lights, Fly over the audience, Crash into the Wall - better wear a hard-hat
Happy birthday to my sweet bud
working and trying the whole relationship thing again
love this! RT: "A hangover suggests a great night, jet lag suggests a great adventure!" ~jda - Get out and eXplore! TTOT :)
I wish you'd reply to me. I love you so much. It's literally insane.
Nap. Then Bryant Lake Bowl with the Writer's Workshop at 7:30. You're invited!
I'm about to jump off the Brewz Cruise.
Im definitely going to come for an appointment ASAP :-)
- Where are you going? I'm starting in USC's this fall!
The internet will help u to an extent. U still have to work ur singles.. hit the road, work it in different cities and b humble
that's quite the stat! :p
": I'm still waiting for the "Once you go black, you never go back" episode on Mythbusters." Bahahahaha
LOL I know
“: Some people are so poor, all they have is money..”
This hazelnut coffee is brightening up my monday morning! ☀☀☕
Wrong place at the wrong time.
Shear Da Beard!! ha ha We hope you had a great time! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I can't think of anything cool to ask you...
Best Jordans ever. The 4's are a close second. RT : Jordan cool grey 11's came out today! yea buddyy
im scared of kittens. LOL JK.
no, i don't. it drives my wife crazy.
www.SaveTodayCentral.com is here for you! The best one-stop site for all the daily deals in Oklahoma City. Click and find your savings!
I'd like a large pizza. One slice pepperoni. Once slice cheese. One slice...
Thank you. Nice to see you here at the studio for
thanks for sharing Francis!
Go see Hobo With A Shotgun and Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins.
Getting my Twitter page setup.
Excellent! Glad we could be helpful!
I'm ready for the best summer of my life idk about you?!
See you in a week, Milwaukee.
. I love it Kort!
Haha aw thanks. Please explain this to me! I don't understand hashtags! And if a celebrity doesn't have a check mark, are theyreal
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
And, if I buy the bike online, will you cheerfully give me free advice on getting it ride ready?
Because I can't get enough golf today, now watching The Greatest Game Ever Played.
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival screen LAST RITES OF JOE MAY (Dennis Farina, Steppenwolf) Tues Nov 1st!
Aar River Gallery in #Westminster presents "Looking Inward": The Art of John Warren, First Friday opening reception tonight from 6-9 p.m.
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY 3
Dividing to conquer today! headed to Jax for meeting & staying put to work on #FAS2012 poster.
well it's likee messages from other people, so it's not me hahaa. but thanks (:
Tell us about YOUR experiences with Hieber’s – post here, message us, or email . Tell us what you like, or what we can...
Stay positive! We have the Phillies...
went 2dem meeting last night& they asked who I was with;was a little embarrassed alone;mentioned u &that went over well lol
the sox are gonna have one hell of an outfield when crawford and ellsbury come back
Keep it 100 for the kingdom...
Later today the House will vote on the Senate-amended
Bummed out. Lost a member of my family today. I love you, Beagle, and am happy you're not in pain anymore and are relaxing in doggie heaven.
Some people are offered a life and they go and take it, but if it ain't about dreaming about then don't chase it.
only 1% of all the water on Earth is fresh and able to meet the needs of humans. 97% is in oceans and 2% are in glaciers
Kick up your feet and enjoy the sun today! Let us clean your house for 100 dollars off today only! Call 206-714-1140
just here to help babe
♥ célébrez l'amour ♥ - Happy Valentine's Day!
HA! IDK bout him but I've Bern taking a lot!
You live in Texas? ;)
thank you, well, talking about garnish cheeses, although queso fresco is more common.
Laurie Santos just drew a distinction between "philosophizing" and doing real science... Pilosopher says ouch...
Heading to the Center for to get ready for our opening tonight. Come hang w/ us & see student photography in action! 6:30pm
just got your message, email is ,do you know anyone with credit card debt, story tonight
I want a tumblr; so I'm going to go make one.
Wow, Sports Direct @ St James's Park drops the St. James's Park, good job Mike Ashley, way to spend your good-will reserve
I know, man. I get excited when I see myself, too.
Hello! Are you home yet? Lol
Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic. Traffic.
What fun madness! Thank you to all who came out to World Voices, ESPECIALLY the 150+ volunteers! PEN office is mighty quiet today...
i am deffinitly a real person,not a spamer,and trying to retire from driving gasoline tanker in the greater phily pa. area
Success means different things 4 different people...but is a mutual goal 4 us all. Value the path that leads u there, winding roads & all!
DanceBlue was definitely a success.
Backstage Romance is rad. Go like them on facebook!
hahahahahahahaha whose pitching for us??????
idk it's pretty hot
Thanks a ton lady darling it's actually May 22! Will you be there?!
“: Training is underway at the 2012 Women's JO National Championships in Hampton, VA. Competition begins tomorrow.”
Just ran into my fabulous ex-colleague and friend downtown. What a lovely Friday afternoon treat _that_ was!
haha its ok sweetie!! [: i didnt find it stalkerish ♥
#CentralFL, how did your family celebrate #MothersDay?
Im looking forward to the Pack Vs Rams game. I just moved to Missouri and im going to the game
this track "Blue Moon" by is smoking...it's making my work day a lot smoother..
ash.....miss you all!......are you in georgia?
I'd be interested to read studies of the types of libraries (public, academic, etc) that are most active on twitter/FB.
the "ecosystem" drawing we put on the napkin last night was our attempt at a start.
Survey: 1 in 3 Kids Hurt Playing Sports
Is that a new series or the one that has been around for a while?
Appreciate it. Didn't get in yesterday. Had ton of vendor orders, food, beer, stuff' so was stuck. & now $950 4 new starter!
My fave line so far from "Hands up! Who Wants to Die!" in "He seemed so jolly in his craft, I naturally wished him ill."
So you love me?
#thatcamposu Propose a lunch discussion group on the whiteboard. Already have one for Libraries and DH.
everything on this episode> 😂
Final book manuscript submitted to publisher! Woot Woot!
Why pre-draft for Network? CBS not trying to promo ABC (ESPN), they want to capitalize on buzz & leverage reps
TY for the #FF mention and for being such a great supporter of your B!
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The fear of missing out
Tks for the follow.
I really like the Weary Traveler. Nice to be back in Madison.
On trial for what? Burning is the proper way to dispose of the Koran, according to Islamic law...
3/3: May God continue to bless you and your families!
you know it is
#nonfiction-unlimited #bankofamerica #tribecaradiation Commercial I LM'd just aired.
Couldn't agree more!
We're open!
he left them here ! Lol it's not my fault :p
youre really really missing out if youve not been watching the NBA playoffs!
✈on some other shit.
Very cool!
"but til then my brave child...fly free" Bryan Putnam
Impressed by the student who gamely filled in for absent yoga instructor today, w/o prep. Learners can become teachers w/ community support
Can't wait to go home to the CLE to check out Bspot with gotta be better than a Boston burger...
i can't be breaking down this bad. my head is gonna start hurting again. Please yadeli, get yourself together. I can do this
do it lol there's nothing wrong with some friendly competition ha
it happens randomly but literally this entire bar turns gray and stays that way until the application is restarted(...)
by geographic location you can only be a Pittsburgh or Philadelphia fan, otherwise it's a complete violation.
Thank you! I just sent you another email. Sorry we won't get to meet but let's try to chat later next week. Shelley
WAH WAH WAH EVERYTHING IS GRAY AND SUCKS EXCEPT
[Matthew4:23;9:35+Psalm103:3] Lord Christ went about teaching & preaching the gospel of the kingdom & also healing every sickness & disease.
Never Let Ur Past Failures Stop Ur Future Success...
Listening to all of the Billboards top 100 (cross genre) this past week.
Hahaha you win.
Fill in the blanks: "I could ______, or I could just stay here and ______"
my sister is getting her iphone before me because she lost her old phone but I still have mine... not okay.
I'm out #shortboyz! I gotta sleep! LATERZ
Thanks for the RT!
Elena becoming a vampire!
Watching a hockey game = washing a car. Oh the wonderful mind of mme.garger.
thanks pal. graduation ceremony Thurs, Dec15; least we can do is bless the heaven into with 7 grads arrayed in blue cap & gowns.
got your text
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
The day job. I'd rather be writing.
I go your my best friend hands down and he goes hands down where? ;) lmao this is why you my best friend
when's good for you guys?
she made me throw a stack
HEADPHONE GIVEAWAY!!!!!!!! keep retweeting and keep #teenquestions coming, winner will be annouced WEDNESDAY right before the holidays
Landed. Was it just one flight cause my ears feel like it might have been more.
Did you float away? Turn the old fridge into a life raft of sorts? :-)
I love Guadalajara! Wish I was there. Have fun. They're going to love you :)
Move to my new, temporary, office almost complete. Just need a phone and a desk, and then I wait to move again in a few weeks.
When you've got nothing left but God, it's then that you find out He is more than enough.
Oh yanno just teaching my sister how to work the toaster..
looking great on Wendy w.
Look down, look up , I'm on a horse! (so funny)
Thanks. Looking forward to a great day of hockey. I think someone said that once...
You can't change people, you can only change how YOU deal with them
enjoy the rest of your hols! X
Captain Petey steering the ship though the fog of post-labor day. Candles, Beer, WIne, .35 cent wings & the Brewers. UmUm good
What's the difference between Cinco De Mayo and St Patrick's Day? .....everyone wishes they were Irish on St Patrick's Day!
YAY I Finally got 's new album #RomanReloaded Deluxe Edition. I Love And Can't Stop Listening To It. #ILOVENICKIMINAJ :D
What black Friday deals were you able to get if any? What's your favorite looking console? Mine is neo geo Aes.
I don't think you understand how excited I am!!!!!! TEEN WOLF SEASON 2!!!!!!!!!
I love meeting general, real people. It seriously gives me hope.
haha nice job!!
U-T San Diego doesn't flow at all.
aw dang I forgot you lived on campus. Come to Turner
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CARLY!<3
that was short lived
thats why you need to come save me so we can do stuff!!!! I wana go see Harry Potter
I hear it went well.
I didn't know that.
looky what made a comeback Tweason Ale..brewed with honey and wild strawberries..and its gluten free...Tasty too
I want it all back
I agree with you and I've had the same experience. I think it's about being open to new ways of connecting with people.
As a Sabres fan, our players should be craving this moment that Boston has now
Who decided it was okay to stop making totem poles? Fuck that guy.
and its MONSTAR TIME
This is might be my favorite group of people in a single room ever.
Spent the first 4 days of this week at client office in all day, 25 people meetings. Good to take a break.
Vinny,My Inspiration! I'm A GRANDER! I Have The Vinny Virus!<3 My Dream Is For You To Follow Me Please!(: I Just Love You Alot
E-Portfolios: Students are already making these portfolios without the support of faculty. How can we support those who aren't?
Can't wait to see , and at One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012! Plus many more DJs!
Thanks for coming by! What torta was your favorite?
Thanks for sharing our series.
Yes - bullies. Come on Geraghty, get your talking points together!
Going to this regional meet later on today...
Does it have to be with my hands? RT : Slap me and i will love you forever, baby.
seller shouted to the cashier, Anya otbey male liver, and killed the eggs in jelly
he do be bullshitting on the dress code! Even for the dance he tripping -__-he a bullshiter!!
I'm a dancer too so i'm soo excited to see the new dance!!!!!
Fahrenkopf: "Crisis requires federal legislation." Needs luck to pass Congress
Oy. No chaser... Just vodka and ice. My chest is on fire! 😓
its going good , wbu ?
Of course! xoxo
would love to keep u warm...seriously sleep well dear
expert IT/server/network management at Lithium Networks
Shoutout - Sacramento's Science & Technology center is underway; follow & Clean World Partners donates $1..love it!
Hahaha You Smart
right at 10 pm Central. Thanks!! I took about 230 photos last night, it was awesome.
Today was going to be a productive errands day until I realized it's thanksgiving here today, eh?
"Leaner, quicker, more responsive to American people" - Obama on federal gov
Heyy ppl check out my keek and follow and subscribe me my name is IRockyourWorld😝
I.Hate.School -_____- Err >:-{|
dude, I have a pug/ boston terrier mix! Does your smell like cornchips from time to time? Lol!
He took me to Mimi's Cafe! :) so good!! & his present was so cute!!
DUDE!!!!! It's 1-1 in the 8th. Hang with us! Don't give up! : And thus concludes the :-) portion of tonight's programming.
Good luck to you. I am not singing. Lmao ;)
you guys won't say hi before you leave
email me at if you wanna have some stuff filmed!!
i actually almost had an arguement about differences between "evil" and badass
I can't tell you too much over the public tweet, but I can tell you that it is going to be great and it is NOT a directory.
Bleak Fixer-Upper
Thank you!
And apparently I wasn't reading your blog before. How *rude.* I was halfway certain I was. I am now. Make that 445 RSS feeds. :)
Probably same issue with custom cakes... Copy-write infringement.
C's should sign Fesenko and get this over with, we need a big asap, what the hell is Danny waiting for!
Er the Bellmore!
IM sorry about 50 but u can always download it somewhere ;)
Larry had better be at the library today. I missed him on Monday! I was heartbroken.
There are nouns...EVERYWHERE!
Seeing the fans at these radio stations is amazing. I appreciate u. Thank u!! I feed off your energy. U got me smiling
#LoveMeLoveMyKapler #IBetCarahIsGoingToMarryAJersey Could do this all night except those are the only hashtags I could think of.
when your down no one hits you but when your on and up everyones live and on ya bumper #learned from first hand exp. where they at now
216 :) Made my goal for the week already. The "Ultimate Massage" weight loss system has cut my appetite. Eating 250-500 fewer calories/day.
I know I'm a little late, but congrats on hitting 1.7 million followers! :)
ONE game from the Stanley Cup finals. Holy shit.
berry weiss is almost like a mixer beer. not even meant to be drank on its own. should probably drink 1 tonight to make sure.
andd whyy are you so cute?? (:
agreed. He picked it up almost immediately after Braun was at first. Interesting to see a coaches mind at work
congrats Jon!! That was excellent.
Ugh, math homework is not going well now -___-
im extra snarky today, GOSH
the doctors said I can be but they don't know yet
Progressive Plumbing has joined Twitter!
Thanks! I hadn't thought about it, but sounds like a good idea. Thoughts on people you think I should speak with?
we always do !
Thanks for hanging out.
Check out our friends 4 more info on their bowling leagues! Their fall sched. should be up soon :) www.betteroffbowling.com
Phooey. Was hoping some FX enthusiasts could help a sistah out. :-p What's on the agenda for this weekend?
I have two moods. Happy and miserable. Take away my happy and then you have to deal with my miserable.
so I bbm you ::: no replay smh slut !
Safe travels. Have a good weekend.
the only good thing about this trip: steak for dinner 2 nights in a row.
awesome thanks!!! It was good to see u!
I was going to tweet about how New York is less formal than D.C., but then I remembered that EVERY city is less formal than D.C.
Forecast for tonight: Dark.
Im a loyal person above most but, I refuse to compromise my faith and self-respect. A fading mindset in our society <Belinda Jackson>
M dark chocolate.
My name's Korinna and I like to sit at the library and criticize my boyfriend for not doing work.
Crying so hard because I miss 😔
addendum to dream job:great view,great city,great pay,great hours,and requirement to tweet,research,and expand social media empire.
guess i'ma go to class extra early today -_-
are you gone....already?:(
Event in Auburn,WA 6/25 to benefit SharedHopeInternational; org 2 save #humantrafficking victims & rescue&restore women&children in crisis!
Bitches be purpin like they REALLY party.. -___-
Train was big about 10 years ago and just made a big comeback in the past year.
Thank you for the follow, have a great day!
Check out the #YPM / Newaukee gala tonite at the MKE Co Historical Society. Starts at 7. Tix $25 at door. DJ, drinks, food and !
Dreamchasers 2 on repeat all day.
When people carry around their car keys because they think it makes them look cool. Just no.
"Raibon Radio" reaching out Sydney. Love to have you on! Hit me! Any Wed in April.
And yes I'm a teensy bit jealous. But I'll still have clean clothes and the ability to hear. And not just that ringing sound.
Episode 46 was sent to us from the future! It will air tomorrow.
I'll say it again... Young men need Good Fathers.
Setting my alarm for 10am tomorrow for the first time in ages. CAN'T WAIT. Also going to do everything in my power to stay in bed that long!
Yes, this is a little late in asking - but do you know what's up with direct messages not showing in ?
I wanted to go to the mall <3
Clickbank Tips - Making Money on Clickbank
"Tell'em" voice
New May specials!!
Cody's teen vogue shoot photos>
The Beach With My Sisters Was FUN !
i just went back and watched the end of the season presser talkin about sj13 #toofunny "naw guys hes not a criminal"
Right. All the way from his shoulder to his junk. I don't believe that for a second.
RT : Going to #RSAC? Come see Pindrop Security at the Innovation Sandbox on Monday. Top 10 Most Innovative company at RSA
RT : LA Times reporting Dodgers buyers had preliminary talks w/ NFL about possible NFL stadium in Chavez Ravine before buying.
time to buy a bigger wallet...
People..stop it with Demi Lavoto's interview on MTV..She's "staying strong"?..There are thousands of children being raped &killed.
I saw the Gotham City Swat Team the other day. Maybe those guys can help the Pirates with the Brewers.
haha you would do that! ;)
I'll be comin home, back to you, every night, shavin you right(;
I guess the main reason is because of all the beliebers who turned into 1D fans. Idk why but it really bothers me.
See you there! I need to start packing soon. :)
Mentions are so dead -.-' TWEET ME?
it is
To be honest, all I care about is seeing the
I agree
He wasn't changed but his smile did(:
U ready for da marquet game? RT if u ready or like marquet
Every time someone texts me the five tone phrase from Close Encounters plays & I hope to communicate with alien life form.
I would do alot of things ;)
break a leg! & whatchya workin on?
Lucky ladies!!!! Thank goodness for that Q or I'd be history
Imma go bak to my natural color...
I also want to thank everyone for taking the time to review my product.
Just saw that they were acquired and are no longer active :( RT : oh keepstream looks good!
Save me a foil swan.
Lol Detroit lions$
The More cupcake mobile is on the LUC campus distributing free delicious cupcakes by CFSU!
Every night is the same shit. I'm happy cheerful almost all day. But when it comes to bed time "I always think of what I'm trying to forget"
Still reveling in Chelsea's win. Down one man, no Center back, Torres scores, Messi misses a PK. What a game!
he's gonna be depressed for life..
staff recalled from meeting by Getty CEO Jim Cuno for announcement today about Getty layoffs and restructuring
i have seen it already and no kenton isnt :( :(
UGH, I cannot wait for high school. I can't wait to be old enough for a job. I'm getting three, okay?
from on next #TH3 panel - i have to love them because FOD is the new alumni club
See you here!
Damn! I fucked up O_o... Gotta get it together!
Unbelievable. : Judge rules Charlie White unqualified for election to Secretary of State. Orders Vop Osili installed.
Thinking of starting a 365 project again...Hm....
just so u know i am 1 of ur biggest fans i watch u on #youtube ..... Pl follow me:)
nobody's perfect, but your perfect for me.
Got two extra vip tickets to drake tonight if anyone wants to go. Hit me up if u want prices
I could never leave this bed. #supertired #goodnight 💤
Damn I can't wait to be a millionaire..
Why r men scared of marriage?He say he love ne and want 2 marry me but there's always some excuse,so I can't wrong 4 movin on...
i do not like to study
Love it! RT : Come to the Purdue Airport this afternoon to wish the Boilers luck as they head to Houston for the NCAA Sweet 16!
why? Why is he like this? So much potential.
{ CONGRATS TO YOU } WISH I COULD BE THERE..!
"Will Reference Survive, Thrive, or Take a Dive? Foreseeing Opportunities & Challenges"
buy buy twitter people.!!!!!
I really do love our LA listeners! Hit us up sometime and tell us what you think!
Thank you for the retweet!
lol that's usually what I think ppl do and I apply anyway, I just started a new job if it was a freelance position I would
Thanks! How are you?
Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Gr8 weekend @ vail. Lots of new snow, and blue sky basin + china bowl opened up!
;) I love giving you my problems xD :)
I would be so happy if you followed me or at least replied to this tweet :D
The Beard that can be described is not the eternal Beard.The name that can be spokenis not the eternal Name.
I forgot to tell you! I quit....just couldn't do it anymore
and thats when I had to bring out the extinguisher
Wow! Just asked execs from Dow, Dupont, etc to open up their data. Some actually followed up with me to continue the conversation
You should respond to him then. I'd love to see which information is inaccurate.
At S+J hideaway for turkey day dinner. So grateful for great friends to share Thanksgiving with (and partake in cranberry digestif later) ;)
hahah and blatantly peeing in the middle of the street
I never have, but I see it on the Travel Channel and Food Network all the time. Thus, realizing that my life is not complete
definitely interested in the test
If I die young, bury me in satin. Lay me down on a bed of roses. Sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song.
Damn i was tryna save some money this week... Then i seen the new *All Out Raw* Shirt, im snatching that shit TODAY!
I would probably fail my classes cause I wouldn't pay attention I'd be crying the whole time
are you the only person in that bar without a moustache and a flannel?
Hahahaha...well if this is in July, maybe I should just plan a trip for that week?! Hm...
And if you notice, none of them are wives. lmbo
I agree. Too much at stake.
Crazy how the best songs come from BS moments
#Goodmorning Ladies & Gentlemen :)
not if I end up seeing you
Brackets busting left and right, truly Madness in March
Responsive web design is meeting your users halfway. —
Breen to Clyde "I can't believe we're talking about this" as boo re:
so how was the Beard Off? Was Jesus there?
Ima quit with & for the night...yall better behave in class tomorrow too lmao
pissin me off
“If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't follow. I'd be at the bottom to catch them when they fall.”
Tribute To You is my favorite song for this year!
Sexually Frustrated
yeah we have two seasons here. Winter and road construction. Lol
in the future, we will have indestructible iPhones. “: Apple Looking at Samsung Flexible OLED Displays for iPhone 'Yoga'?...”
Omg he called me out of nowhere talm bout imy n stuff like that!!!WOW i think we`re goin to get back together real soon imy2 # 6-12-11
Oh nice have you shopped at our store before?
Coffee's up! We have some of the books required for summer reading
Pluck out your eyebrows. Draw them back on.
"Western, NY Night Club Video Reviews" with YungFr3sh and Ahom Productions
A trip to the ATL would not be complete without grits. Guess what we are having for dinner? ;)
what;s june Ninfe?
We've officaly kicked off the North Coast Brewing Co. Night! Head on down to the corner of 13th & Vine to try 7 different NCBC Beers on tap!
what's up Sandra..I see you..LoL
Man my son Ibaka is gonna make lightwork of Ron
out Die ad you fall!!
Happy Birthday!!! (:
*Going by a water tower with ally called waverly* me: look were in waverly, i wonder if theres wizards?
I get mad when I say hi to sumone n they dnt say it bac....
How is this US game tied with Kazakhstan?! What a joke...
Anyone interested in a lateral move? Looking for candidates w/#Chinese language skills. Attorney positions in #NY, #HK, and
RT If you're in Chicago, you should be where I am. #ExploreFultonMarket in Chicago's West Loop 1015 W. Fulton Market 12-5pm
i'm unfamiliar with that comeback. is that some of your old man speak?
On the air for another hour, then I'm ready to enjoy the weekend with thousands of you at Miller Park for tonight's Brewers game!
GifBoom is so cool
Better than i thot. RT When "Angry Birds" is played by an orchestra, the result is a Tim Burton/Danny Elfman production:
the one cool thing about having a raspy sick voice: i can sing "HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE! OOOoohOoohOOoohhh" like Sia
best indian food in town??
Fitness Tip: Don't Give it All Back while Away - That vacation you've been planning or the business trip you can't get out of can...
hey hey man, would be cool with seeing if I can help with the WP changes you need :) whats your email? or
I'm Happy everyone like's mixtape. He worked very hard to give you guys some music to hold y'all over until the albums is done.
Normal in the macro sense.
Lol. My phone would crack all the way .
Don't Forget to Wave !
I cld totally see 2million Coming to dinner and Gates VC having a lot to say to one another.
done!! Text me about it and we can figure out what time.
I just got a great workout in and feeling great.
The world is the practice live stage for your premier in heaven. follow Christ's examples. Avoid religiosity and simply concentrate on HIM
I havnt swiped my card since he came along :)
an old perverted man...sick
already 10 years have gone by
RT ~100million in cost savings if we embraced open access publishing of publically funded research content
Thanks for your RTs, #RonPaul's true patriots!
It's so fun when your editing system crashes 7 minutes before your liveshot.
miss the big sexy! will see you soon!
*gasp* I was doing both of those things!
**enter kobe was sick excuse here**
I see you
Ultimately, I feel the level of hypocrisy is the same, in both countries. The scale of deception and brutality differing (more)
Article looks great! We're in SF, but not a huge deal. We like to make it easier for friends to get together EVERYWHERE!
... why the hell do i have a twitter -___-
Seriously. Watch the video.
Thanks for the encouragement! I'm very excited.
Rest in peace to Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis. Expecting to see the silver and black play big tomorrow in Houston.
you're way behind on approving posterous items. Shake a leg.
Also follow "covers activist & progressive news for the Tucson Citizen"—"Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have"
Annie Potts is my new Meryl Streep
my dog is asleep she looks so cute aww
Stop by and give me a visit !
While our minds need order and fairness, much of life is neither fair nor just. Thats a problem for many of us and is a Mojo killer
#NoShots #PensPP this is like watching a family member slowly die in front of you.
yup. BUT WAIT I CANT LEAVE AMERICA REMEMBER UGH FUDGE
This is a sweatpants day <3
after the seed is planted it is her job your right but thn she must take responsibility is she miscarriages.
please tell Mama Irigoyen Happy Mother's Day for me!! :)
please let me know if you have any concerns -Kavi
The only thing about tweets and text is that people take offense bc u can't tell how people are saying it
Avengers was awesome! Remember to stay till the end of the credits :)
Sunday at da park not in Houston but it's going down today in Dallas
Milan Kundera, Book of Laughter & Forgetting, for archivists' favorite axiom: struggle against power = memory vs forgetting
what kind of tattoo you getting?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Best wishes today and in the many years to come.
My iPad got stolen today. Unlike unlike unlike
beautiful! especially track 4, "skipping"
i heard feels likee crap? & that whole thing about him saying he's guna delete his twitter bc of beliebers? Hmm, is this true?
Hey, I have to go, so I just wanted to tell you to have a great day :)
Just got a new dog yesterday
one week in to first semester teaching three sections... amazed at how the three hours of teaching wipes me out on Mon, Weds, and Fri
finally made a twitter(:
#ufc120 this looks pretty week no title fight and nothing that intrest me but you can't blame ufc the last two PPVs were completely epic
Less than an hour and I'll be off work!!!! :)
- 20 line minimum; 33 line maximum.
Rate limited? RATE LIMITED? WTH, Twitter?! What, the 2nd photo this afternoon?! Horse-puckey!
Marcos is the only one who I can keep a convo with for hours & hours without any awkwardness.
But of course--it was a great spread.
Hey Jessica ALba u r my biggest fan my name is Julian Paz i am 17 and i think u r da prettiest actress good luck
is here this week!! Check his timeline!!
I never would have imagined how many events that have NOTHING to do with us show up in #GoogleAlert for the term "Clark CSM"
NP! Can't wait till 2nd season...I need to look into how you all pick panel members. I know a couple great guys for panel.
AT&T is doing an awesome job correcting a billing error since my upgrade to the 4S. Love the business account, less wait time.
sure ill send ya some $ u drinking top shelf am guessing right :)
30% OFF HAS BEEN EXTENDED THROUGH TODAY! LAST DAY TO SAVE 30% OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE!
RT : "The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do."
Reminds me of David Gandy... and we all know how well that guy is doing in life...Rugged
Agreed. But he needs to rebuild confidence to get back to where he was at beginning of last season. RT isn't that what...
RT : RT : A4 fish-out-of-water syndrome: hard to change habits
Here we go again. If Obama or his camp said something akin to the Bachmann's "tar baby" comment the faux rage would never end.
I assume from that screencap that #Plus allows you to segment your dawgs into Epic Bros, Brohams, Jabronis, and Bromosexuals.
every time I buy a new pair of chucks I end up doing something crazy the same day! They only last 6-8mo for me, at most.
- i was doing the same thing. Working full time in games & come home to work even later on my own animation
They probably don't even know there is a fire. We had a tornado warning one time and no one at her work was told.
Close. But it's either VU & Nico or Portrait in Jazz. :) RT : “: Led Zeppelin I > Best freshman album of all time IMO.
LOVE IT <3
my new celebrity crush..... #hottie :)
I used dye and koolaid
Wine me likey.
Mediocrity happens when you stay around "yes men". Get around people who not only speak truth but live the truth.
(Sighs) o well. Its coo. It is what it is.
RT - The Miami Dolphins have reached out to Jake Delhomme. The two sides have not agreed to a deal and Delhomme is cons...
#oomf is a cutie 😉
I really need a committed intercessor for my computer.
Aw, thank you!
thanks so much for being there Chu! we loved having you. and we'll have to get you that Ransom t-shirt soon. :D
2.5 percent earning $111,750 for a family of four will face financial hardship should they have greater health care needs.
Countdown to Collaboration! Join #DesignBizChat this morning at 10 am ET to discuss how it creates opportunities for your biz! Don't miss!
Watching 'You Are Next' artist Jennifer O'Connor at the Green Bean in NC... Awesome!
which one of yall want some dick and bubble gum
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
for sure need to see you!!! ❤❤
My wife is at Disneyland. I'm not. Wah wah. She saw Brandon Flowers. I did not. Wah wah. She's sleeping. I'm not. Wah waaaaahhh.
I can't post anything on FB. Is anyone else having trouble?
The basic fact about human existence isn't that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
Don't you love it wen yor presents pisses sum1 off gotta lov that power!
Never lol RT I HATE YOU
At 14 years old, I decided to take the bus & subway to SOHO. That experience made me realize the world was bigger then the "BLOCK" ...
Bye bye, Dukies!
dinner impressing as expected. Katie Rose's cocktails blowing me away. When's this place opening for real?
“: Pretty work, Andy-keep on doing what yer doing and come north soon...” can't wait to get up they way buddy!
Can't wait for Teen Wolf... and are lookin fine in that promo....
YEAH!! the call is REVERSED!
Cool - so I was co-chair (w/ Sylvia Morelli) of the empathy session (in absentia). How did it go?
Sweet dreams to you! No fun when the phone's die :(
MT Join DOGTV for Wine Pub Yappy Hour for Chihuahua Rescue, 2907 Shelter Island 5-7pm. Bring your furry friends for food & wine!
I wish I has the guts to go up and talk to you.
To live is a blessing, to love is a dream <3
you think all those roads you drive on, food you can safely eat, medication you can safely take are free. Government is working...
follow me! (:
omg I'm crying!!!
So I having a really good day at wrk! #Unusual/NeverHappens
Getting ready to post some more tour photos. Stay tuned!
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!! :))
*Asian Someone's a dummy \^_^/
ATTN All NFL teams: I am available to meet with teams today and tomorrow. Please contact my agent
May all the sweet magic Of Christmas conspire To gladden your hearts And fill every desire.
We LOVE our local #SanFrancisco fans. Especially #Changemakers, like !
happy Friday! Hope it's one of the best :)
Adrienne Maloof in the building.... LAX
If I was out shots would be on me as sweep the night 5-0 4-0 in #MLB and 1-0 in # NBA get on the list I am working
Mark Twain
What techniques do you use to get your ADD/ADHD child to pay attention?
rest, sweet crow
: Off to Austin!
Also,new covers is coming this month!!So excited to get all this started!- Shunt'e!
no way! I'm not some low-class alcoholic! Pfffttt!
some nice places will give you a shoulder massage and paraffin hand treatment. Place next to my office gives free champagne!
Thank you for the link love re: FRG! Man, I love you.
How's that ass holdin up?
don't cut it :o
my son pointed out that #dwts played 2 songs in row from animated film, "Flushed Away." Is it movie theme night?
Wine and Canvas LA tonight! At Jillian's Universal Citywalk!! Such a fun job! Love spreading creativity!! <3
These aren't my shoes :(
Check out The Real Triliogy I new video feat. Layzie Bone on Youtube
lol. I like that. I don't talk to nobody strangers when I'm drinking and having a good time. Excellent idea though.
Follow my tweets! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
How would you get at a guy in class? Lol Seriously, tell me how you would :p
It's ok to love where you LIVE but never forget where you CAME FROM...... Cleveland bred me
Thank you for the mention!
Hit me up for your ADMIT 4 FREE Pass 2NITE! NEW SATURDAY SPOT! ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB! RT
Worked on my paper today. Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point.
NOT POSSIBLE FOR EITHER ONE OF US
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." ~George Bernard Shaw~
and I hate the dodgers at this point too...
ooh gorgeous! Love the sunlight coming in too!
Does a chicken have teeth? It kind of has ridges. They're like teeth.
yes ma'am
Did the Door County Century ride yesterday! 100 miles in some of the most scenic area of Wisconsin! A really great time and experience.
Shea Butter Scrub is a luxurious blend of super moisturizing organic Shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane...
yo man big ups to my main man rick ross
Up early for Estacada Invite for XC... Watch out Estacada, Camas is coming, gonna be awesome race...
why thanks ya gorgeous :)
Usher singing Scream on SNL...i was dancing in my seat! :)
I still don't get it.
Geesh! That's expensive! I remember seeing them in Grand Rapids for about $10. I'm old & Miami isn't cheap.
Justin dedicated Where Are You Now to Jeremy, Turn To You to Pattie, and Down To Earth to them both. What about your idol?
Just worked out sore lol :)
do yourself and the world a favor just kill yourself you crybaby douchebag
i dont haha - i was confused
summer supper: roasted corn,baby squash, asparagus, bell pepper, mushrooms on arugula w/sliced tomato, new potatoes drizzled w/olive oil.
yes, yes we do! RT : do we really want to do this? Not that I'm doubting my dingos ;)
of course ray ray iz the UK fun!!all of yu are!!
Are you even old enough for ?
Meant to write Kirtland's rather than Kirkland's.
hey whats up girl ??
Mad about the toilet seat? All you do is sit! Try hitting the water half asleep, hungover, with morning wood.
idk the name but it's from Maroon 5 D:
Coming up at 9 p.m. CT, the men's 10,000 meter run. The women are slated to run at 9:45 p.m CT to cap Day 1 of the SBC Outdoor Championships
Not a huge Man Utd fan, but that second #chelsea goal was clearly offside. The linesman must make that call
Good job w/ #TEDxUCHICAGO talk! is piloting some intro programming courses w/ local elem schls, may be of interest
We just LOVE Can we all be interns please?
And what better way to celebrate #recallwalker than supporting a business named Victory!?!
Waiting to get my eyebrows done. Most dreaded part of my month.
Let's definitely talk about that...
So I guess the hoopla was just speculation. There is still hope for the NBC comedies.
Hopefully dolis gets it done here! Go #cubs !!!
I can't help but giggle like a 12 year old boy every time they introduce Dick Button.
lmfao yes dick and dank
Thanks for the RT!
June is here! And our busiest month of the summer! BBall Team Camps kick off 6/17 and Volleyball Summer Camp starts 6/28!
#AAJA Denver meeting at Asian Cajun, one of new wave of Viet-owned Cajun restaurants from post-Katrina New Orleans.
Nothing ass hoes on deck...
Hey, don't mess with our tribute thread!!!!!! BITCH!
hahahah #billpaxton. That's what's up!
Selling a red electric guitar, used with one strong broken ( but could be replaced, reply if your interested in negotiating.
Damn I post ALLLLLOTT :) oh well
I kno .better wake up lol
RT : , but no #MirrorOfLove - yet.....maybe they cant afford 79p to download it
Thanks for the mention & RT
yes I am
Just uh freelancing for uh MillerCoors...
Boy You Know I Stay Ready
Why did this have to happen grrrrr
I hate this day.. so much.
how is it that i nap after school, and im still tiredd?
Unfortunately I do. Thanks.
Irish prayer ;May God give u ..for every storm,a smile , for every care , a promise & and answer for each prayer.
"just because I fucking love her" GREAT FRIEND!!!<3
is happy to be a part of the Facebook Family!
sometime this week!
my guess is the bad food habits increased as your hours behind the keyboard did
NICE! RT : Win a trip to NY, a makeover, $500 shopping spree, Luster Gift Basket and more. To enter: bit.ly/nISS7v
I didn't know there was such a day. Cool! And Happy Childfree Day to you, too! :-)
Well I hope every one is going, to have a safe and fun 4th of July week end. I'm off for four days I'm going to enjoy it. Be safe have fun.
Going to Legal Sea Food while you are there? :)
GO PACK GO! (who cares if it's preseason?)
Why not 1 of each!!! :) After all the #derby is on #CincodeMayo!! Celebrate BOTH!! :)
i swear if he asks out my crush for me, without my permission. I will beat him into a pulp.
what's your middle digits?
Thx. for the mention.
Aww. You're adorable!
This is moneybags "wtheck.. no Its June.. I'm pretty sure it's just a month"
thanks man much love
Watching Hugo for movie night! :)
right here... what are your plans...
Don't worry. We'll all be there.
Need some kind of entertainment.SO BORED.
at least it's a common interest with
Have you registered for ARLD Day 2012 yet?
Until next time
Celebrating St. P's tonight by watching the English on tv and drinking Scotch. Don't tell the Irish.
I can't wait to meet you. C; <33
You could sign up, find a team, come down on Sat as long as you can (bring Z), go home and work remote, then back on Sun. :-)
they'll be great when they need to. We will route hard for our team and let the chips fall where they will.
Imagine a house made solely out of one food item - what would it be in your dream food house?
would it go with ur dres? J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
i suspect age has a bit to do with it too, perhaps as much as religion. Maybe even more.
I seen those prom pics ! You could not look more hell of Puerto Rican !!! Nice Swagger though made me proud !
Yes, but the question is: will they miss you? Did you bother to stop and consider their feelings?
Note to self: never go black friday shopping.
The CD is now available at #CrackerBarrel stores. RT and let us know where YOU found a copy!
Wonder if they changed it from the first session...I found the Zebra presentation interesting.
Au Revoir! We're jet-setting to Paris for the Pret a Porter trade show - Booth M235 at Portes de Versailles (Sept 3-5). Stay tuned :)
more oftentimes than not, it irritates the piss out of me.
Sometimes I wonder if tweets these negative conversation starters just so he can boost his score... :p
the lan at this mcdonalds loading my facebook pics really slow.
Response team forms for abuse - Wahpeton Daily News
- Welcome Liz! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
who's out with Shaw back? Stalberg or Morrison?
I love when I can make my friends feel better bcuz I b needing them to return the favor alot.
At least she HAS a gimmick. She didnt before she was heel....And she's not a hoe, so...
but who'd ST go for in the Dem primary?
Can someone go get falafels for me real quick
Did your argument w/ result in a correct answer on the midterm? Or is Bryan dumber for having read your answer too?
Tension remains high in the primary mortgage market as mortgage rates have extended their losing streak.
just saw my graduation video... I can't believe high school is over.
RT: : Oprah's last show- What can I say about Oprah that she hasn't already said about herself?
Now that is full of crap because NOBODY knows when the world is going to end...
You know what? Me too!
All-Clad's Emeril Cookware is now 50% off!!!!!!
I will be trying to do some replys tomarro & shouts & hopefully a #MM too :-) xo
The Sir Speedy family wishes you the very best Holiday Weekend. Happy Fourth of July!
Oh baby! This is the spring we've been looking for!
Work in 30 minutes and I haven't even taken a shower yet
"you can't spell TEARS without ART" really, Bravo? Really??
I love new technology, even though it feels like I am up to my waist in a sticky mud...
You're very welcome Amy. I think it's a terrific project on & I'm enjoying it a lot.
Thanks for live tweeting! That was AWESOME.
We're getting close to the season finale, so you don't want to miss tonight's #AroundTheCornerWithJohnMcGivern! On MPTV 10 at 7:30 pm.
I wish I could ride a skateboard like a boss. Oh well. Kick push glide works on flat surfaces. Maybe I need to get my butt back on my
Good morning, everyone!
tried to reach out. Glove is bigger than hand though. I was down rf line. They were down lf. You could hear the screams tho.
totally kidding but I just couldn't resist
i need them silver pumps ! >>>>
thanks to everyone that came out to the #doubledutch #chblockparty, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is what makes it magic
Yeah Cam, for being too cool. Whatever helps you sleep at night;)
Haha Justin stays making me laugh! xD
Everyone should contribute to our recovery - -Gov Mitch Daniels.
In response to Seau question, Rex Ryan says one of his sons had concussion last year, but is OK with him playing sport.
Thank you!
followed :D
Huh, so doing that wipes my hard drive too.
Hi Dori! Wanted to reach out about a family Dallas event but couldn't find contact info. What's the best way to get in touch?
I'd say the same thing about me and Jamie Moyer.
It only works if you run a string through the roof of your mouth and out your nose while you do it, then make Osage Diamonds after
i plan to end the year surround by the people who made it so magical. can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
Digital First Media&#39;s chief says newspapers have key advantages in the struggle for readers and advertising
ehhh can't decide which picture I want!
"jumanji can stress a bitch out"
That's the timeline, Brandon. McNamee said it started when he was w/ Toronto. Not Boston or New York.
How are things now? New month, new dreams!
HEY ALLI THIS IS EMMA FROM EMMANDABB! I FINALLY MADE A TWITTER JUST FOR ME! :D
Neurocrine Biosciences' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha
Time to get my lineup ready for the summer...who tryna be on Team Jette? #AcceptingApplications lol...bums need not apply.
All day happy hour + March Madness = Perfect Sunday!
Karaoke is BACK ON This Thursday, the private party was moved to next week!
Come to the corporate communication networking event from 4 to 5pm tonight in JH 103!
Oh life, how crazy you are.
found you lol
things I already know about myself.
I think I get it. SLOs say what kids should know and be able to do at year end. SS/Sci need to have a vendor define that.
I was messin man. My dude beat me to them
#StarWars - Luke I am your father!! *nerd*
can you follow back so I can reply to dms?
Let's go #bulls! The night is darkest just before the dawn! No #noah either...its gonna be tough but you have 2 #winfromwithin !
Marketing Team in Social Media: from : Let thousand flowers bloom. Empower and let go.
U cudnt beat me, even if I had on blindfolds. lol SOCCER!!
lmao she know I got her
omgosh the Matildas got an #oliviers2012 -- and how eloquent they are!! Crazy.
I know I wasen't the ONLY one thinking it.
One Direction, Demi Lovato, Cody Simpson, Hot Chelle Rae, Big Time Rush, and Allstar Weekend at the moment :)
Thanks for the shout out!
I wish I could get you to inflate my batting scores by 38 runs when you recount them...
um I'm late and slow.....where you going?
Hahaha Jinx and the neighbor kitteh are fighting...through the window. Hissing and slashing paws at the glass. Pretty hilarious.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Make it a Grand Marnier margarita tonight!!!
What's interesting is it had lots of digital patents decades ago, just never did anything w/them. (My FIL worked there 37yrs)
Love it! RT : I had the Sheboygan sandwich from for dinner last night, and now I'd like another one for lunch.
Thanks B-Fresh, I have been in the lab writing up a storm and have been as far from the loop as possible :(
Homegirl who just walked by...that was such a snob move! I wouldn't talk to you!
Me too! But maybe next time! Look forward to following tweets!
": Wake up Kansas City, it's game day!!! GO #SportingKC"
I wanna go out to dinner today
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy Friday Eve! I don't know about y'all, but I sure am ready for the weekend!
A little bummed as I realize the role in "Title of Show" that I fit best is... Susan. Wah wah.
Reading the Godfather...geez
i need to find some more mahomies to follow :)
such an inspirational quote.
so glad my sister is going to an all girls catholic school next semester
win me over<3
Don't buy COKE! Democrats needs there fraud votes! Don't buy COKE! Democrats needs there fraud votes! This COKE tastes great DemDirtBags!
That was an awesome 5 minutes of OT hockey.
Didn't know that. Is that true?
Outdoor Spaces Opens New Office in Leesburg, VA, Welcomes New Landscape Designer
Thinking she should start using tumblr again..
i want something extraordinary and beautiful and simple & intricately patterned. – Scott Fitzgerald
Lifes a voyage thats homeward bound.
You're welcome HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!
Bibz created a new account luv ya Chloe
never have to worry about a date. Just 3 mins in a quiet spot and you are good to go.
: Call Queen or Diana ASAP!!!
meant 2 say. I am about 2 log off
#TheWantedOnTheVOICE Um HECK YES!!
After viewing that review, kindly spend some time in the "Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed" section. Too funny.
What does it mean?
yea they r.
hey :D
Chipper v. Moyer, about 90 years between two of them, one of oldest batter/pitcher matchups ever??
hahaha dude omg you should have done that!!! I would've been laughing so hard! Hahah
#jazz #neworleans #seriously? Lineup for New Orleans Jazz & Heritage featival... Where's the jazz?!
follow back?(;
yeee. Is it growing on u yet? lol
Nice, thanks for the heads up!
one for the money, two for the show
Thank you! :)
Baldridge mobile teaching findings: remote learners performed significantly higher on post-test than traditionally taught peers.
oh i know i win...u shouldnt have even tried to go there wit me and dats dat shit i ws tlkin bout da otha night..i miss u 2
lolol. Okay good. YOU DIDNT ANSWER MY CALL. 💔
haha i posted the link i have to find it.. i grabbd it way early this morning and seen it last night :)
haha well that's good!
Awh his mom is awesome lol loved her
I wanna tell the world about you just so they can get jealous.
For I am about to do something new. See, I have already begun! Isaiah 46:19 // totally believing this right now!!!
Summer registration starts today!
The culture of the USPS needs to be revamped into mobile revenue streams.
#geekend #fa115 via thanks for the interesting talk!
Fairfield Country...we are supposed to get a lot more tomorrow! Stay warm!
Heading to the Dutch village of Edam for bike ride and visit to a Cheese making factory
you never post anything about Austin. :(
Remember that you are gorgous no matter what anybody says!
Well, I'm about to see if I can go back to sleep;
will pass along the msg! Was my first time trying her "professional" desserts as I never ate at Capitol Grille while she was there
u can keep the AC. but I'd like my porn collection.
Enjoying the weather!
i get the spine chill, but jace as an object is defined as much by situation it creates as by individually paid for and owned card
And the other half is complaining about the lockout.
How was Tiger Jam in Vegas?
Always busy Gina-keeps my mind going!!! happy Friday back at you!!!
Volume 15.14 and 15.15 is up. Also check our website for some interesting new links.
yeah, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! :D
Hey Steve! I'd like to send you some information about our new Chicago-based app, ! What email should I send it to?
bruh u a hater watch us still git the ring
hello :) how's your day going?
uhm, is it the next weekend yet?
Oh really? We'd love to test that theory!
Current Status: Searching my tweets for a band name.
Grrr instagram keeps telling me my pics are to small
I hate the dentist. "you won't be able to eat for an hour after flouride"...........WTF?! this is going to be a problem.......
yeah I'm not trying to be a prof so not really any point
#RIPMCA I first saw The Beastie Boys when they opened for Madonna in 1984. Everybody was pumped.
You smile my face. :)
Learned the new term 'proofread that bitch'! i'm ready for the drag ball now. thank you zebra katz!
I'll be up for atleast another half hour haha but thanks :)
RT Oh no.... I think I'm coming down with something...
Subway takes forever
ewww u guys are nasty! dirt all over the pizza sauce lol yall are brave
I still want an autographed playboy...just tell me when and where.
you should have called me! I would have ran it over! Walking deliveries are no problem!
For a second I thought Gene was going try to kick that ball into the stands.....
Speaking to a great group of HBS consultants this a.m.
Hopefully Franco Nero is still involved--can't wait to see who he'll play!
Celebrating Fat Tuesday in San Diego at El Dorado Lounge with good friends and the Euphoria Brass Band.
We are so lucky that Chicago has who is willing to try to get the boyz back! :))))
Why is Howard wasting his time on YouPorn when you keep telling him the real gold is at TubeGalore?
Prioritize inner peace and happiness will always follow.
My wife's phone:
Ha. A million is going to be tough but I will settle for first to 1,000 too. :)
Check out The Wanted Emcees From St. Louis Missouri USA on iTunes!!
": wat up" WHAT'S UP BRUH
depends--what is your idea for your project?
what do you think of the Pryor deal? u played cfb I am curious what u think of him as a teammate. Media blowing this up 2 much?
#charity “You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” -Eleanor Roosevelt #dogood #donate Home of the 2 Day Latte Fast!
Ima be a
Since I ordered the fight this time and the fam came over shoot they better order that fight on the 9th lol
please hurry up and get your ass down here. i need you so much!
Maybe I like Gerty better. Good thing I'm not having kids... They'd HATE me!
My brain is still flipping in circles over 's #doctorwho. Brain=overload. Brain=misfire. :-D
Congrats MISS IRELAND we look forward to your AMERICAN tour (photo)
Haha! Love it!
This #charliesheen interview is amazing.
Just won a pot in your honor with 9 2 diamonds.
I'm glad we texted till 3am last night :)
#GoTribe in other news, i bought an azteC patterned vesty yesty, maybe now i can go back to my home tribe
yes. let's do it.
Poncho has Yoshis crowd on it's feet with boogaloo "funky broadway"
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
Cool--pretty amazing film, yes?
Joe Wilson's wife diagnosed with H1N1. Duh. She sleeps with a swine.
btw. thanks for calling me brilliant... I never tire of your sweet words. ;)
How does one know if they won or not? Do u text back or do u post it on Twitter?
we're going both actually!
#GoTribe still cannot take in the fact that the Indians lost like that....not the best start but they will get better
Dear Grove: when I type "Wagner" into the search bar, want to take a wild guess as to who I am searching for? Hint: he's not Belarusian.
#PetPeeve: TYPING IN ALL CAPS
James Harrison suspension is PR move by nfl to cover up their useless concussion policies
Better than really working. #WorkplacePayoff - $100/hr every hour m-f 9a-5p - Your cue in minutes.
Online.... How is everyone doing?
Frappucino time! Walking down the street with a whipped cream mustache. I know what it looks like. I don't care. Feels good.
Agreed. I can't wait for things to start getting warmer so I can stand outside for more than 10 minutes.
your welcome
Ha, go for a walk, you might run into a few ppl happy to see you... “: I'm bored”
And game.
Bi-partisan trade agreements. When did this turn into Attack of the Clones?
Who will we see tonight for 's live debut? Roll call!
top ten teams in men's and women's basketball, baseball, men's tennis, and cheer leading. Good try though.
if you knw that about KI as a 14 yr old, you should be gambling or rung a NBA team not a spwriter, did you wte this 4-5 yr go?
Loved Miranda in "Merrily We Roll Along" tonight.
I've entered my credit card information enough times for the entire city to run broad street. Still no success!!
It's getting so depressing!
#kids Mother's Day Lights Out! at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 7:30p: Is your mother the adventurous type? Sign up for a special adventure at...
think he'd want to remain on GB's staff as a coach after this is all done?
What is KUC?
I am a huge Juventus fan in Serie A. In the Premier league, I usually like Arsenal.
That's so RAD! I LOVE Dave Grohl!
I didnt actually READ my speeding ticket. I thought it was like the terms and conditions on a website. Who knew it had instructions.
Have to say...so impressed with's desire to learn about local organizations and our needs. Inspiring questions.
P.S. and a handful of Ryan Gosling movies.
Wearing my new hat and scarf made by ! Thx! Love 'em!
low goal tomorrow?
I actually knew a guy names Lou Stools - no joke
“: The melting temperature of bubble gum is 125 degrees Fahrenheit.” really?
We want to see ALL of you at Rage For Recovery! Please get there on Saturday!
Best ELUNA ever for seeing good friends. You guys rock.
Hello. Do you remember me? :)
#swag RT : RT : I don't know why men think women filmmakers are idiots. I dot all my I's honey.
Hope Hossa's OK. That said, with Torres still in the game, this is just asking to get Pit/Phi levels of out of hand
In the studio #winning because
nope. . Strange.
How To Lose Weight offers a variety of free weight loss tips, techniques and advice
Geoff is a softy.
sweet dreams America
Blazers waive Armon Johnson to clear a spot for the signing of Joel Przybilla.
I was going to do some schoolwork tonight then baseball happened.
B-B-B-B-Benny and the Jets! Mine is Your Song and Don't Go Breaking My Heart! 
thank you :)
Guess where I am?
GIVE ME A SIGN HIT ME BABY ONE MORE TIME.
I'm sexy and I know it :)
HEYY GUYS? is Cody following you? No? Then go tweet&follow !!!! She'll help you! But only the first 10 ppl get in! SO GO!
Yay Thank you!
I saw your Interregnum promo. It was very you. :-)
Ok, I think I filled in the remaining blanks. But I don't have the knack for proposal-ese that you do.
I wish I could talk to each face the enemy and change his opinion about me (Demi Lovato)
I have cried But gotta let God deal with them.
Bowling with my son, Bears @ Tinhorn Flats & the Broncos Must be put Down. Wearing 34 Sweetness jersey...gonna need it...we got no QB!
Hi girl that runs everywhere. No one loves you and you're adopted.
so sorry he came thru again
I KNOW!!
cool, let's rap later.
What would it feel like to have a really HAPPY new year of business where you are in the zone, making a difference w smile on ur face?
Happy 20th Birthday, Taylor today!
Sittin at work ready to go Sunday is boring
it will not turn until safe districts are made more competitive. My rant.
Thanks for the follow. Party on, Pittsburgh!
thank you!
. SO FREAKING AWESOME! Wish I could've been at that talk
Just want this school year to be over with already.
Wonder if the Warhol Gun that sold was the one that appeared in Iron Man 2.
It's Fat Tuesday! Be careful tonight, drive safe!
Hey! I was totally buried last weekend, sorry I missed you! How's SF?
Great call with in preparation for 's Client Summit in May. Super exciting to speak with such an expert!
“The most difficult thing in my life was driving from the doctor’s office to tell my wife, Cookie, I had HIV." -Magic Johnson
Left my charger at your house , my phone is currently dead too !!!! :( Please grab it and put it in your car !
Over the #weekend we #lost a mother and a daughter who was killed by the hands of her father and husband. RIP
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
I was intrigued w/all your info. I listened to recordings like 20x :) Wanted to include all story details but word count limited me
trivia night at
LOL I'm at Denny's off 15th and MLK fam RT : I really want a #11 from #Whataburger with grape jelly...
watching big trucks carrying snow drive to and fro. but where does the snow GO?
Sapphire, thanks for following!
I JUST CALLED BOTH OF OUR US SENATORS, IT TOOK 4 MINUTES!
u give me belly rubs. i give us fuzz bunnies.
Why you clownin? Quit rubber-neckin bro!
A $5million law practice is a nice goal, but outcomes can't be controlled. You can control things you do that lead to business or metrics
my phone died :c lmao. Sergio is probably freaking out.
When does someone's attitude to change go from curious to suspicious? --- dhh at
6 more hours, oh my gosshh
lol I've always liked mustangs :p and don't be a hater!
sounds like LA.. especially music people in LA !!! You know who you are? :)
"Be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.”
In other news, if you try to find legitimacy in the concept of YOLO, you are a fucking idiot.
Doctors have recognized the link between pH imbalance and disease since the early twentieth century.
go on skype ill send it to you on there :)
Doin Work Tonight!!
RT : Contracted an extension of The Realtors w/
just antibiotics and 3 days rest, sounds ok, but after one day I am bored....I have one antibiotics that cost almost $70
How about that Tribe?
My Waterloo: dependable child care. Can't wait until my children can babysit themselves.
God didn't create man for a life of misery but when we make improper choices we can create a life of misery for ourselves...
Idk what's wrong with me right now omg
This breeze that's coming through my window feels so bomb
hit me back
So...Cuse haters, was that a home game too?
Says he wear tight jeans in his bio. Haha Swag him out
#Faded "man down" and "IRS Remix" 're fire too!!
Just got back from Squaw Valley. That resort is sick! Time to finish the details with the Poker Tourney this Sunday! Everyone should come!!!
you left me in tears tonight... Castle & Becket, finally...
Just got home from coachella and already have to get to work, shooting for in a few. tomorrow.
Our new background on our Twitter page is Triple OG.
slipped some dilla in at my fancy-party-solo-piano-gig. I doubt anyone here has heard of him, but now they've heard some of his music
The owner "saying" he was giving it up, is totally different then the company taking it over.
OH! You should Definitely be paranoid!! Its a conspiracy:D
Decent head start on this 3 hour drive.
I know your tears more then you. Cause I've seen the too much.
dunno what
hot hot I want that
Wondering why you don't have blog subscribers? The subscribe button on your website doesn't work.
im really loving character modelling, zbrush is probably my weapon of choice learning maya too
Big thanks to the Friends of Mount Vernon Place volunteers who helped plant the beautiful design in the North Park!
and are gonna burn you to the ground tonight at 10pm after Opening Night.
Thank you! <:D
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness. <3
nice my bestie is from the philipines. Im from seattle. Wat time is it there?
About to be interviewed by #KathleenBade from Fox 5 News SD about great college planning piece. Watch for the report on #Fox5News SD
FOLLOW ME!!
Fantasy Football can cost you your job! Check it out bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
School Password?
Need a business plan? Email us at
Awesome. So thankful to hear it! :)
I'm one too! But I'm speaking to people who don't know, you know?
Dude I know! I really miss seeing you around. :p
RT : Yes, and networking is something that is tough for students who are used to working alone.
My feelings too. But what is BASW?
are you guys going to Vegas? Rut Hockey team member has a three bedroom suite!
Is there a version of Nicki Minaj's Beautiful Sinner without the vocals? The tune behind the chorus is groovy. Deserves to be pumped.
The B3Brewery is prepping for the first taping of "On Tap" on Tuesday, March 13th. Should be a good time.
he is what?o.o
#MONEYTRAIN Mondays Go Cop That At Any DTLR
TROLL HARD SON RT : What in the FUCK is Nas doing a song for the draft and ESPN? ALL PREVIOUS WORK NULLIFIED INSTANTLY.
That's just mean. MT : Oh. Scorer gives E7 on a ball that Nunez misplays in left. Elongates Nick Johnson's 0-for-29 streak
TGIF right? I sure felt that way last night at any rate! :)
Now what am I going to do ?
hahaha no not at all. he's amazing. I'm just still bitter lol
Us too!RT: “: Grabbing yourself a late lunch at the dog house? What're you getting?We love the hot sausage with andouille sauce.”
bottling our Hop in Top, Fire Light Ale and Witty White Wheat on the 22nd, if all goes well
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you call your officer papi.
Better than "Destroyer"! :)
Omg this criminal minds is crazy!!!
stop no your genes are designer ohoh.
please give the happy couple a hug for me!!!
Very soon! Paperwork delays but should be ready 2012. Shine responsibly!
It can't not come up when they notice you skipped the potatoes and stuffing.
its been around for over a year, is it really still "new"? RT : I'm at The New 96.3 NOW! (5300 Edina Industrial Blvd, Edina)
mutton nachos or even caribou nachos.
Could it be?....yes...Its HUMP DAY! Not much longer now till the weekend!! :)
Dad is n from Fla so goin out watching a movie.sore as hell from tha surgery...
Read Jane Hu's Girls piece w interest. Srsly though, "the show's monolithic middle-class whiteness"?
Enjoyed some pizza.. Now off to the game!
i live in la vernia right now, but yah, i talked to him last year
you have no idea how awkward i am on the phone.
Going for a run
Anyone know if #archiviststoolkit allows you to do an OAI-PMH harvest?
“Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven” (Henri Frederic Amiel)
Welcome new followers hope to see you all soon
The rudeness seems ironic... RT Trying not to get aggro as people cut the line to see the Dalai Lama. Deep breaths.
I think I found the right one can I get a follow back.
We had finals and they're making us ew
It hasnt been a great week, its only hump day...
Thanks so much for the addition!
It's funny how all of the so called "Rednecks" used to all act ghetto as hell ! Haha
I been great man still grinding u kno.. How is the acting going
Jude, I think you may need to change your password...got a bogus message from ya.
Just for #fun, work "grandma's cobbler" into every conversation today.
Why do we trust our government with 8,500 nuclear weapons, but not to administer health care?
good job lil cuz! I just seen all the post about you going to utah st. Please beat byu so I can rub it a friends face.
Preparing for my interview with on self esteem.
“: hey, how's the hair doing?” I'm rockin it. ;) I think I may trim it this weekend. We'll see.
I've been alone for too long.
Had fun at the Hells Belles Car Club Pinewood Derby in SF... Now off to Benders for Thee Merry Widows + Los Shimmy Shakers!
Winning has always meant much to me, but winning friends has meant the most. -Babe Didrikson Zaharias
Did it work ? Lol
Hello April!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at K Street Lounge (13th and K) for Happy Hour today! 5-8pm
"Each day is Valentine's Day..." with
Yeah, during and after teaching, I would totally reverse myself--declaring I like teaching more than prep. Nice to enjoy both!
yo video is tight SK....I see u movin up. I was there for "the path that I bend".. proud of you man keep goin
I got you - just sent some others -
All I know is I have a sudden craving for a Tuna Sandwich from in Harlem.
mwahaha he would never listen to your opinion over mine!
...deeper and deeper, way way down... deeper and deeper, way way down...
she cant do it she has no guts
Ikr it's like unexplainable
Ashton on 'Two and a Half Men' - funny
Happy New Year!
Ah yes, those long term planning tasks :-p (rubbing alcohol might take it off)
Run like hell 5k! Great race! ": What's happening tonight in #Cincinnati?"
Daw. Nick I was bummed you weren't with them.. Next time!
kick the damn bucket honey
Sarkis is my third home
alex likes if ur mean to her. She told me it was weird wheni was nice and she didn't like it
I dont feel good. I feel sick, my back hurts, im freezing cold. Grrr!
Goodnight :D
Working on an article, finding tonnes of stuff to do that is not related.
A quote from my dear friend : "I swear today time has stood still a few times .... and the second hand is laughing at me ...."
do you have my spanish paper?!??
I know I've been MIA. Its been so nice outside that I turned into an outdoor gal. I will be online tomorrow
Bummer. Hope ya feel better!
for what ?
that's why we hav to work together to make it happen & not be crabs in a barrel. GIRL POWER!!!
Kim Jong is Dead oh wait another fucking Crazy Korean is gonna take over... His Son who mother is a Bitch lol
on the reals though, give me a time and let's hang out.
#FOGC about to break that 200m in volume but the 0002 is still there
What is your favorite song from the new album?
aww thank you<3 I was talking about the weather, but you still made my day. Thank you<3
HOPE TODAY MY DREAMS COME TRUE N YUH FOLLOWED ME N LATER IM GOIN TO YUR CONCERT :) YUR THE BEST SELLY PZL FOLLOW ME
Congratulations - I hope you make use of some material from Super Mario Bros.
Buckeyes to Host Florida State in Big Ten/ACC Challenge
I know what it is I'm tellin you I'm not my hands already up but you still talkin so you NOT ready
Happy birthday again I hope your having a good day (: We should go to wof again ^__^
I had days like that when I was in grad school. But usually it was because I was too busy.
The green chili is done. Not too bad, but still very hot. I have to adjust the recipe some more to tone down the heat a little bit.
I have seen 5 #Kony2012 signs in the past like 2 minutes.... That is amazing!
Respect is hard to earn, but freedom is even harder to get.
i like it, your hired!
I like your tweets & you're cute (just saying)
We got Chocolate Hazelnut shakes...who wants some?
Thanks to and for mentions, appreciate you ever so much!
you honda accord bitch i'm a LAMBO!
Up && awake. No devotion for me. (y)
The 100 greatest runs (or working towards it) www.100greatestruns.com
Omg this is the worst day ever my mouth hurts so bad ): this sucks so bad ):
The ideas that 1)White ppl can be wrong about issues that affect Black ppl & 2)Blacks vote based on political acumen don't fly in the GOP.
See you soon at #NOSCA opening reception--tweet us your photos! And more tremendous sessions, speakers tomorrow.
lol thank u!!!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Never stay with anyone who puts you down, everything they don't like, someone else will love."
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow. - Henrik Ibsen
Mar 31,1922: Irish Free State Bill passed by House of Commons.
me my dad and my sister
NYY leads DET 6-1 in Game 4 of the series. Bases loaded, no outs in the eigth.
Thanks! When's your's?
I Don't Carry Chump Change. All I Carry Is Faces.
1976: Paul Lynd. A Jersey Turnpike comfort station. Evening.
Tea parties lead to fatcats and mad hatters.
Thanks Kenny! This blog is killing me.
they didn't control for gender dummies. Do the math
Shaped noodles taste the best! #Macaroni&Cheese
Are you a fan o #UrbanFiction? A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is so gripping you can't put it down.
my dad said while watching Princess Diaries,that looks like Davy Jones when he was young, that just made me smile :)
Dad: You're going to meet One Direction Me: ... Dad: .... Me: ... Dad: I'm joking. Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
Blue is all over the place with this zone.
i'm flying to columbus this wknd to personally fulfill your order.
Has anyone ever got as little as a hand-sized stuff animal from a claw machine?
I'm gonna buy the left side of mrs barbudo's room deodorant.... It smells so bad of BO right now
See what you're saying. I do. I just don't think equal rights lead to moral decay. I appreciate your position.
on the Northside.
Thanks for the follow. Will try to up my parenting tweets. Such as: eat your vegetables, dammit!
Sent u some possible web 2.0 ideas. Let me know. I will get a proposal in... possibly also think of TCEA in Feb
Getting completely soaked by the rain...
I am the happiest person alive right
When I get home I am most definitely
Haha, why thank you miss ;) All thanks to you. I hate that you're not working tonight =/
I think Mark need to go beat up my 2 guys?... what do u think Mark
is home in the #Burgh finally! But sans my backpack (aka my whole life at the moment)
2 assist with the growth or return Vitamins E+B6+ Amino Acids, Biotin 5000mg that prevent hair loss & it reinforce the hair resistance
Swamp cooler systems out of service for any length of time need to be cleaned as they can still harbor dirt and bacterial buildup.
I still watch it sometimes.
My handbell group is performing my piece 'Cengkok' tomorrow. Last performance until September.
Tris, shoulders & chest on the menu today. What are you working on?
What Makes Games Like &#39;Angry Birds&#39; So Addictive?
Someone call me 😔
make that a shoulder replacement and we're golden :) “: Gearing up for my knee replacement at age 30 #RetiredAthlete”
new youtube videoo in a bitt! please share it view it and send me feed backk on it
just have to clean my weapons and then it's finally gym time :D
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers. ~John Egan
Don't trust anybody
hm... its 1:52 I should probably go to sleep lol.. Good night everyone!
I'm convinced that 80%+ of California drivers don't know what to do at a flashing red light.
get your phone back
If u gonna tell us 2 follow sum 1 make sure they follow back¡¡¡
how much for exclusive rights
Easter, pfft... It's all about the Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
Even worse, isn't the state going to charge you for that multiple times? Stupid new law.
shut up, you look lovely darling 
steve, are you coming to Colorado again soon. I'd like to meet you.
Come down to grand ave for #phxff We love visitors. :)
I told Jonathan that he needs to go have gay cowboy butt sex.
it appears that your twitter has been hacked.
What happened to Raven Symone?
Stanley Fish is like the Mitt Romney of literary critics.
Goodnight/morning tweeters
Adversity is another way to measure the greatness of individuals. I never had a crisis that didn't make me stronger.- Lou Holtz
following back!
I got one thing done during my shift today. I am so productive.
lol why are all the MB girls tweetin catch phrases?
Seriously... Who thought a crapy car wash would take 40 minutes. They need to provide outs!
add 14 years to ur age and u got mine///
I hate Canadians...especially how they say words that have the "ou" sound (like "out")
I tweet like we are friends?? :)
seriously. everybody's gone, there's like 5 people in advanced and i don't know any of them. tis sad:(
haha a little
89 days I guess. I don't even know anymore.
u welcome 😊
that was my chocolate little man lol
Book Lantern, Dreaming of Books, and that's about it. (oh, and anyone who likes me).
just did! You sing incredible (:
yes bitch LOL.
this week 100% of our profits are going to the Hunger CleanUp in MKE! help a great cause and get some great grub!
Feeling Great this Morning....like a new man......
i'm honored that you listen to WPFW 89.3fm
Off to OB Dog Beach with my guitar and my beautiful dog Benji!
Omg I'm so tired!!!!! I'd probably fall asleep in class
This year is going too fast!
afraid of dogs or something? RT : Made the plane. There is an unboxed dog on it. #really? #really?
seriously? Tornado warnings again. Most of metro Louisville. Basement flooding. Damn it.
The highest gust I've seen thus far is 45mph at the Sunport, and that's happened twice. No official peak gust yet, though.
Had an egg hunt yesterday...that was interesting..found out my great nephew is 3 going on 47..
Oscar night - roll out the red carpet this Sun - special room rate @ $129, special cocktails. SWEET TWEET DEAL
That's sweet!
First day of work :) hope this doesn't interfere with my love for
As if you didn't know: life is s1ck!!!!
Wow, that was sweet of my boss. I accidentally loaded an unedited file of e-book records & she said "Aw, it's just spring fever."
Masters of Horror. Good choice.
You can also consider writing business cards and designing of flyers which can be much helpful for you while opening an online boutique
where's my baby?
thanks guys! Cheers
Needs to shower
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
And only ugly bitches go to twitter jail thats why you own the facility!!!!?..
Bitch I'm goin in lmao yup hard
It will be interesting to hear the details of the Infrastructure announcement by george osbourne tomorrow.
Just had an #auctiondraft for #fantasybaseball and must say it's 10x better, even doing it online. That said, it takes hours to finish....
can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow nath! it WILL be amazing and i expect a hug :) xx
I kinda miss school?!
i love your song 'boyfriends back' and instantly fell inlove when i heard it, i absolutely adore you style
Going tanning never fails to relax me
Awful news. I'm still in shock. “: did you hear that Craig Cornett had passed?”
i know, everything is getting more visual, and I think it's because of broadband internet... and touchscreens.
The Spurs are going to roll over the Clippers
coffee sleeves, coffee sleeves everywhere... those can have your ad, brand msgs on thsm.
One time beer moocher and Former White Sox All-Star Robin Ventura has been named the club's manager.
You put my Love on Top.
YOLO= You Obviously Live Online
SDGE doing a press conference shortly about the blackout.
Thanks. i hope you got to sleep!! ;)
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Reach Floss Holders and most oral care products.
lmao I hate u
Ayy Ladies←--Travis Porter ♪♪Bend touch yo toes :p
goal for tonight: read only A LITTLE before bed. last night I started a new book & couldn't put the damn thing down, I was up til 2am. oops
Sometimes in life you just got to say "What the hell" and go for it.
don't let your following get too far ahead of your followers. Keep the numbers in sync. :)
good umm we can just chill at your house i guess and watch netflix or somthing but im going running after school so after that
i'm big time now. didn't you know?
how can I check out your apps?
Asap rocky wit swizz beatz track is Nice
I have the apartment to myself and TLC is working. Solid day off.
Watching Step Brother. A perfect way to end the day :)
Walking alone tonight 'cause I've only got room for two, Me and my burdened black heart...
I hate when he takes forever to replyto my message smh biggest pet peeve lol
So what's a good price to pay for this app? We want your honest opinions.
Obama win. Women win. Insurance companies win (free ain't free). Catholic bishops win (but really lost). Republicans lose (yep and big time)
RIP #DonCornelius. I'm sure you have everyone doing the #SoulTrain line up in heaven. I wish you Love, Peace, and Soul.
Heading to West Allis, WI for a flea market that closes @ 4.
blerg why is xbox live making you update it every other day...
Dear CTA conductor, I really don't care that you've been to Honduras and Belize. How about we start moving?
What the hell?! No! MCA was my favorite. I'm going back to bed :'(
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me 9
I think my whole life is over now.
Why Oregon high schoolers' do not perform well compared to other states? It's because test prep schools in OR suck. That's why we're here.
My whole house smells like your laundry...I bought new detergent today.
follow me broskkki?(:
I wanna go roller skating like whoa.
Man he messed with everybody n they granny
Amen, brother Andrew. RT Apologize for WHAT?
This is seriously the most awkward situation I've been in. Shes trying to adjust a monitor that doesn't move. More to come...
#40DOLLARS per paycheck pay for medications monthly I would not be able to afford otherwise
RT Had a blast today at ascarate park with my Gz family. Life wouldn't be the same without them ♥
#WeDontLikeYou tee time bitches
your welcome
#NCAAFinals single digits maybe!
Yep! It's all about me! Karma put me at the top of her hotlist years ago. Sorry! Lol
That awkward moment when you don't realize he committed to UCLA months ago, lay off the ganja.
Anytime someone mentions Office Space or Big Lebowski I quickly brag I saw both in theaters is kind of a character flaw
I love watching YouTube videos of the boys, it makes me happy.
Adam, your welcome. Thank you for the follow as well.
MT : Rick Perry's ad has 376 likes on YouTube. It also has 12,253 dislikes. What to measure, what to meausure?
Bored at work. I'd rather be boned at work.
follow me back.. hope all is well sir!
were all cute(: but im the sezziest
when guys say i love you and mean it >>>>>
Loved being part of the content panel!
BREAKING: Tim Tebow is now a NY JET!!!
I second this! I've heard a lot of good feedback. Thanks for so graciously taking me in as a substitute!
I thought had potential for disaster. Would venture to say league office had a word with Mr Shows after last UK game he worked
part 10 to my story is up...if your not reading it get to my favorites and start!! haha hope you guys are liking it :)
that white-boy-rasta-rapper is the poster child for why you shouldn't do drugs.
good morning
If you're not already a member of Designer Marketplace, you should be! Wonderful to hear you and clients love our products!
People dont even stand up when they're leaving for the bathroom.
All super cute, i think i love the green the most!
Looking at the list of everyone we lost in 2012. Still can't believe most of them are gone.
Too funny, Don! Thanks for giving us this laugh today.
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created. We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks.
Thank you for the RT. Have a great day.
Speaking of - I'll be playing music there this Friday night in the Fairway Lounge from 6-10pm for Bobby B. Come join me!
Ha ha!
I looovvee that song
LOL ok u had permission to help. :/
Strawberries Halls : D
What about a movie in SD?!?! Ya te toca venir!
Look forward to seeing you all on Weds!
lol I am gonna start fresh FOR REAL this time. I post whatever shit I want.
Hi, yes please! Do you know or do much with the NEC3 Term Service Contract which is used on the government FM frameworks?
Just sent it. that's psychic shit. thanks dude! Hopefully we'll be working together soon.
You lose some,you win some but as long as the outcome is in come you won
You were the one guy who was supposed to show me you were different, instead you showed me you were all the same.
you this read wrong.
love the show and the song Uh still biting on it
If you're looking for a Shapefile, try the "Original" link, which just serves up the original source file.
If my mom sends me to school, I'm going off. Does she not see how sick I am or does she need a better prescription for her glasses?
Bad night indeed. We're just sitting here waiting now. Supposedly be here within another hour.
Note: when testing pagination on a dev site, make sure you have more items than the max amount per page... or you might go crazy
Feeling SO blessed today! Let's all try and do something for someone today....be it friend, family, or total stranger, you might be...
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
todays tweets without verbs
so whats the deal with that "I need more mentions" video of you going around? Am I playing into your plan by sending this tweet?
Not a Morning Person.
Is it really that cold out? No, I'm just from Florida.
Avengers was choice! Get's the Farraday stamp of approval. Loki rag-doll action!
7:30am flight. Pulling an all-nighter if I still have it in me.
not this guy but who is on for Thursday/Saturday/Sunday closes?
Love Can Make You Feel Like You're In Heaven But It Can Hurt Like Hell!
I might start my own tv reality show. How many of you want to watch me while I use the computer all day, and while I also watch tv all day?
Doing laundry with Skype.
wen he go to court.
Check it out! Got great stuff up! Promos of and some sweet Graphics of ! Check them out!
I guess they didn't have the answers.
So cool! I hope to be an academic one day...its my dream haha
i was too busy talking to everyone to really get a chance to drink very much. annoying.
The Miniature Golf League is coming back and it's in Sellwood. Who's excited?
juss got done watch Final Destination 5 for tha 4# time its so good lul
yeah, kept a lot of it simple. the challenge was finding certain pts to use to jump to next song (bc it wasn't pre-planned at all).
Spell restaurant n..gga R.I.P patrice o'neil
you need Auntie to put you up on some real sushi.
I'm attending WOMMA Summit 2010: Creating Talkable Brands - Next Practices
hey boo wasup? & thanks :*
The under dogs came through Bentley!
Worst part about falling asleep to music is I wanna sing along. Goodnight :)
“: 11:11 #makeawish” don't tell me what to do!
OOH so the UK? Now that's a pretty big difference from the north west I had in mind lol.
I love my support system in school. I told them i fell and everyone laughed haha.
stop being a pussy. No one likes a quitter. In the words of the great actor Judd Nelson "smoke up Johnny"
4 for the CRJ dept - I give you 10 total in class
oh. But you should still go and have a good time!
It's a gorgeous day for #CFYoga ! it's our big debut, can't wait to hear your tunes! I'm excited !!
Please Follow Me (: ! Thanks and ily . though TBH : ME and YOU should Hang out lmfaoooooooo Go to a party lmfaoooooooooo 1
I am asking the panel what they would think of an application process for extended bar hours.
Much appreciated! Better things to come. Excitement all around at
Groom asks why UMW isn't using technology to build a stronger community.
libro means book. that's right!
I hope you feel better soon.
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet & mental approach
Lalaalaaalaaalaaaaa ... I'm bored -.-
Great pick cowboys! Claiborne baby!
#TIIP4P Lance Dublin: ever hear of the job description "learner"? Why do IDs keep calling their audience learners?
39% of #pet #parents say they have more photos of their pet than of their #spouse or significant other.
Who's ready for the to put the ball in the net tomorrow night? I AM.
Now that is some
No little Ty Breezy YOU shutup and quit throwin that salt bruh.
I hate texting
Thank you!
are you interested in the book series??
My Bestfriend Has Tha Greatest Ringtone For Me ;) Lmaoo .
Jersey Shore Reunion. (;
heck yeah dude, imma hit that up -WalterLOL
Let me know when your website is up. I'm curious to learn more about your project.
haha, i tried making cookies.xD
We are soo not getting out of here at 4:30.
Inkdt now does Acoustic Skins!!!! Get 'em!
One night. Family member having major surgery.
Alright kids, so who is going to startup Housebook?!
Surfin the net 2day reminded me of my Army days in the field in my jeep blackout drive no nightvision goggles.
Dexter is good but boardwalk empire is the best best best !!!!
Me too! MT : I fav tweets w/ links, to read later. It's the easiest way to keep track of them. Is that odd? Is there a better way?
Tweet or learn in school I think
I really dont watch any sports at all, i dont even play sports i go to the gym thoe ? but only to stare a hoes in the treadmill
I hope you like it! did you say yours was on facebook? or maybe a soundcloud link
IAN'S NIPPLES THO.
thanks for hash tagging the important word my buddy! Love ya Oscar
GET MONEY
RT : Both Sheila and Mike have pieces in today's National Post!
something is wrong with my twitter........
I noticed that u always have something on ya mind just not so early. Liked u a lot today
Checking back in with pop radio. Not much changed since last summer. Except Adele.
my heart just stopped....
thank you.
As put it about easel.ly: "That number too small? Make the circle larger. no!"
and You cant Beat "Anything" That's Clinically Proven
Exausted , but can't sleep what an awesome combination!! shiiz >.<
you know its true
Thank you for listing us!
sophia , ur gonna make me cry , im not playing :"""""""(
I just called and asked if you'd follow me on Twitter! You said yeah :p
Win is a win is a win baby!! Sixers!!!
Dear Seattle: This #Lakers beat down is why you purchase your team a new arena when they ask for one. Our gain. Signed, Clay Bennett
What's the PD? I'm Irish? Kenyans like Africa?
I I found you Keyaniaa! (: <3
My TV stays on ID or Golden Girls. RT“: I think I'm the only person under 50 that loves the station Investigation Discovery”
Enjoying a long weekend in South Haven, MI. Ate at Sophie's for steak and restaurant owner kept us late to drink from his stash!
It's always a mission to find parking in LA -_-
Dear Twitter, why do you keep sending me notifications even though I've unchecked all of the "send me notification" boxes?
So sick of drama queens.
...Wanna go back to Walt Disney World!
To help create a collaborative work environment: Set team boundaries, Establish ground rules, and Clarify team roles & responsibilities
ITS A LOTTA BAD BITCHES IN THE BUILDIN....AMEN
Happy Bday Chris Martin! Your music makes my days so happy :)
What is up with these guys
Hey i loved your cover for On My Mind!! u sing really good!...could you please follow back? : )
#TT have a smiley Tuesday
lololol pretty much did you watch it?
same here. Brandon wants to try the car but we don't want to deal with moving it all the time.
That's actually what we were all thinking.
waiting for Matthew Kirschenbaum's talk "Stephen King's Wang: The Literary History of Word Processing"
Aye, them boys is out today. At least in bmore they are. I forgot it was st patrick's day.
It's embarrassing reading blogs where the bloggers so obviously want to be unpaid A&R reps.
That Hobbit article really has me worried now...I hate that "made-for-TV" look that the critics are describing. 48 fps brings that out...
digesting poolside . this could take a while...
Get ur tour starting today through feb. 7! Some days not available. Purchase at box office or ticketmaster.
The low cost of inflatable renting is an economic way to add huge fun to your event
Practicing my business presentation for tomorrow morning. I love talking about money with people.
I feel like at of all my friends me and are the only ones who listen to country...
RT : Every one of us can look back and see times when God has blessed us. What is God doing in your life? - Too many blessings!
Hurry if you still want to see the show at Ocean County Artists' Guild. Show take down is Jan 29th. :)
Just picked up like 20 pounds of candy, hopefully trick-or-treaters aplenty tonight!!
Belieb, Stand GRAND, and Be ICONic.
If you make F's or are an a-hole, they should not allow you a driver's license.
thanks! Good luck with the competition!
Just went out and made a snow angel...feeling better already!!
I want to see snow so freaking bad right now :/
you need to find some super real people it sounds like
In the mean time the team will be continuing their rugby development through their own means, aiming to improve before the Fall 2012 season
Happy Monday to all our followers!
My nipples are bothering me "/
I stay on my zodiac tweets
All I want is to be locked up in a mall for a week. That's it.
no clue.
He's no Cam Newton, not a dual threat. Only strength is scrambling with ball... Too inacuurate of a passer. Limits an offense...
Dubstep on the radio?!
Now I want one!
Long lines to win the $640M for the Mega Millions lotto. What would u do with $640M??
London show celebrates modern age design innovation
For that distance at roughly a 9:15 pace, I usually figure 475-500 calories.
juicy rumor! 944 may issue release bash next friday, may 14 at fluxx ... a certain R&B mega-star (rhymes w/ 'blusher') will be there, too!
That's right-taking refuge is a reason to rejoice...hiding away our weakness in a strong God can cause us joy--will we let it today? Will I?
i am liking this assignment. It is tough, but kind of fun. Best of luck to Mr Price's agents.
you better have something new im still on the ice box !
Happy mother's day! Make sure you do good by her today. She more than deserves it!!
They have a lot of good research. I really liked their bullying article. It got the pervasiveness of it.
…Have spent 10min trying to capture my overall feelings on the women-in-tech-meets-exclusionary-BS thing. Net: It's complicated.
Same to you. Don't get too crazy! Hehe...
thank you!
Keep it up #Houston!!! STAY LOUD!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Baby Momma's ! Lol !!
I hate it when you can't stop thinking about that one person..and deep down inside, you doubt they are actually thinking about you
planning the Hillel Women's Retreat: Eat, Pray, Love!
Hurry! Hurry! Step right up and see the greatest cam show ever to hit the Net! Get ready to scream with delight!
#Obamacare if states can mandate that folks carry auto #insurance, why can't Feds mandate health ins. covg? Hvnt heard a coherent answer.
for sure! so pretty please with sugar on top...clean the fucking car!!
Finally Back on my twitter grind!
Being single comes with so much unnecessary stuff though
I'm starting to doubt that that was really Dahmer... it was a Minnesota area code!
wish you were here too
Sure. Could be there at 3:30ish
I just took an awesome children's lit class at Vandy. How did you get started writing? Do you self-publish?
Back to Jacksonville ! Bye Orlando #fuck this drive
#ilookforward to THE WEEKEND :)
I can't even get the kid to drink a coke! I'll go ahead and take his drink though :-)
any word on that hall?
Alright...the weekend starts......NOW!!
Nothing says "Love" like a perfectly brewed cup of Rao's brought to you in your favorite mug. Agree?
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
1 year 1 championship. All doubts and 1 result! Picked 11 of 12= #1! One for all and all for #Buffs!
Quick draw! Call between now and 1pm and you'll be entered into a drawing for an overnight stay for two at the Priory: 888-621-6900
We come away with a better sense of who we are, either by learning something new or believing more staunchly in what we already did.
Didn't know what your schedule consisted of this week. Come on up if your fully awake. Got plenty of hard work for you too!
pick an episode. Any one. They all end the same
#ryanbraun on the offensive. Does this mean he's guilty?
Thank you to all the #veterans today!
#Carey2011Dublin Yes, please! Would love a team effort on these "radical" tweets
Yes, I've used that one too! I'm thinking of doing some related poetry writing...maybe 2 voice poems from 2 images
I would to...but that takes effort...
#Salute to BossLady for having us on the set of her new music video for "Party or Go Home!" Stay tuned for All Acess!
I may have just seen the Rapture on the radar headed my way.
I don't. But mine's easier, it's my name [first].[last]
Agreed! RT : A4: Oh, and chocolate milk is the best to drink to recover after long runs!
it was so good. I want to see it again already. Let me know if you want to go see it.
We discovered a bug in the user rating system tonight. It has since been fixed and all user ratings should be restored.
RT : this morning's reminder: go. do it now. you are not too young/old/tired/new/old to manifest your dreams.
Hey, yeah i get back start of next week. How busy are you at moment ? X
All branches will be closing at 4pm tomorrow and closed on Christmas day. Have a safe and happy holiday!
I laughed so hard!
Metta World Violence... Mickey Loomis... and basketball utopia in San Antonio lives again.
“: John Maeda: "My role as teacher was to make students who would one day come back to destroy me [with their skills & creativity]
Craving for some McDonald's!
Hi Dallas Wine Chick - thanks for following Better WIne Guide! Love your blog too - fine work!
Can these kids please get away from me. Nippy things they are. Ugh.
Rage welcome some new players:Andrew Soehrmann,Michael Grabowski,Jordan Woodard,Montrell Stewart,Bobby Longoria,and Jon Giobardo.
So fun!! “: OBT holiday revue with & Timber Jim was magic & joy.... #RCTID”
Either way, I'm bound to disappoint despite my valiant effort.
ha. What a queer, rooting for the rays.
What's good!? Did you ever finish that BE track?
I hate saying something I don't mean just cause its the right thing
actually obsessed with
We have some hard-core whistling going on here today!!
Happy sleep time. xD #thanks Ms.Hosic
thanks for the suggestion!
did you just fart? no, my axs
Got a sneak peek of upcoming Better Biz Blog - looks at 3 market trends in Long-Term Care vendors should keep in mind.
When I walked into the showroom at Wilde, Robbie greeted my father and I with a nice smile and a handshake. I needed to find a new...
After weeks of moving, painting, carpeting, and cleaning we are finally settling into our new offices!
in your words...GROSS.
Always Be Closing!! ABC
pssst! "Divided USA" ;)
Snow, snow go away, pls don't come back ever unless u close the gov!
go away.lol
Just finished working out. It's about 90° outside and even hotter in here. Think I'll go do more yard work now and sweat off more pounds!
when are you returning to the homeland?
hahahaha, I know! SUCH a good laugh :)))
Don't think I'm going bowling...
Nahh, I just left. Be safe tho bruh...and turn up this summer!
outining my paper on outlining. how many pages should the outline for an 8-10 page paper be? do i remember how to only write 8 pages?
This white girl said she wanna be exotic and told me to blind fold and tie her up and do what black folks do best. I said ok then robbed her
It's just nuts. I have to take a twitter break, but I'd love to continue this discussion tomorrow! :)
Kristy questioned me again 😳
Tattoos are so addicting!lol New tattoo pic coming shortly...
fortunate! Get some rest, lucky for rest day tomorrow.
You're right, it would never work out. You're a PC gamer.
not much what about you?:)
Thinking about Activity-based marketing for real estate. What do you do everyday that you wish potential customers knew about?
I bet it is
it was long morning with lots of soccerr!!
RT : RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
It's never too late to start!
AWESOME DAY!! First ever Heli' ride w/ cool people,dolphins,lava flowing 50Mph,waterfalls/streams, Valley landing, monk seals VERY GRATEFUL
and Pro Bowl last year
Thanks for the L20 Voucher, the next time I'm on that side of the Pond I'm going to use it!LOL
happy birthday!!!
Not really tired but I'm gonna lay down and read until I fall asleep. Gotta work tomorrow.
Our August Specials are up! Head-to-Toe Express Facial, Mani & Pedi for only $60, save $20. And great deals on Arasys too! Call 617-227-5499
Night and day in 2 hours. Apple Store Lincoln Park listened to me, diagnosed the issue and can fix it.
I'M SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU!
11.60 shuts down at each attempt to open a library database. The report I send says they can't find a reason. More to look into?
I will!! I'm somewhere up top. I'll check in with you there...maybe we meet up for a"We're gonna kick Coyotes Ass" pic?! ;-)
I wish I could have a day with my girlfriend. Cherish every moment you get with your loved one.
I can smell the patchouli and compost from here
HYBRID VEHICLE!
Just heard and eagle cry for help. No joke.
perfect! Look forward to meeting you
hey sweetie i hope you have a great day as well
Well here comes the STORMS!!
Off to learn all about PMI's views on Project Time Management.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born To Run
Don't know man. You'll have to find out.
Don't make promises you can't keep.
Sir Gawain and the Green Night Before Christmas
Emma Stone bored of Superbad line
Can't stop coughing.
thanks for spreading the word. Cell phones can also be donated through our site to an organization of their choice
As long as none of the Broadway shows are "Bye Bye Birdie" none of them will get money from me.
oh my god. I know right?
AND I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE. BUT I WANT IT THAT WAY
I was speechless the movie is amazing and I loved you too but I loved you but I was scared as I love this incredible!!!
eating dinner. wbu???
my second home this week... Toka Salon!
nvm, achilles issue for Ron Garretson
What're you talkin about man? I tweet all the time...
She obv doesn't know what fashion is :)
Congrats on her first #fantasyfootball victory! another tough loss...
- i have 3 cookbooks coming out this year, and next year one cookbook is scheduled and a new knitting book!
Any of you workout at Lifetime Fitness? If so , I offer a 15% discount on repairs and waive the diagnostic fee with repair
lol it's my fault for being late
My kid IS one of those kids....Again, I'm around. Hope to c u in the future. ()
Txt WEDDING & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to enter 2 win an admit 2 tix to c THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT at the Century 16 Belmar theater!
Retweet if your still up.
He is so followable MT : Hello Twitter World! I look forward to sharing info abt NYC gov't & hearing from you ...
lucky ! How long are u staying in connecticut for??
okay twitterverse: do we consider a fork a weapon? as in do we confiscate it from the scary guy who sees things that aren't there?
Bought a butt-load of books from Barnes and Noble.... one of the few times where shopping seems therapeutic for me!
It seems that the goal in life is to shed everything that is false and to return to the source and authenticity of the true self!
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you, but trusting them not to. <3
Smile! It will help puts your nerves at ease and help you be inviting to others. Networking tip from ,
At North Seattle Community College, where Chris Jones, a former PPEP student was asked to speak during the President's Convocation.
I've seen live atleast 7 times, but its been soo long since the last show I attended. I wish I could go to #bamboozle :(
If you don't like me, fuck you.
Super job on the #choke #defenses in class this morning everyone!
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  4
The British are coming! The RI Riveters take on London Brawling on April 18 at the RICC. We're so excited! (details forthcoming)
You ever look at a man u loved with all your being and now can't even decide if u even like him now?
Excited to hear you on "Greening Your Restaurant Plan"
Ah crap its happening again I'm in need of a cupcake!!!!!!
Researching the Platonic Solids for logo work: Cube, D20, Surge Can, Beiberhedron, Sphere and Cowboy Hat.
Just did week 6, day 2 of #c25k with !
RT Glasses are my KISS make-up.
Rick Santorum is out? I'm disappointed-- not because I support him, but because I don't.
Awesome, me too! ;-)
HOLI CELEBRATIONS IN USA..... woww good to see all Indian community at one place... :-))
A parrot cussed me out over the phone today, that's a first, how.bout people control their pets lol it was funny though I cant lie
I was sold out over jealousy!?! For real!! Come on thought i ment more
So proud of , your my HERO!!! Keep swinging for the fences.
como digas :b
well if you can... or you can do... or how about...... na FUCK IT !! it wont ever work lol. MORE BLOWJOBS!
haha got it, but The second one is close enough
please follow
God sent me an angel.
When non-Autistic people want to properly be inclusive to Autistic people, they will RADICALLY change their funding formulas
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
I just heard Ohio Senator Rob Portman is Romney's likely choice for VP. Rob Portman. Meh.
It's almost time to watch make it to #TheVoice Finale!!
Using a Mac in the library..
Greatest movie of all time! #SimonPeggVoice RT how do u make this night any better? con air is on tnt
u smell *
#imagine Liam climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
who you kidding, honey? we are ALL sweating in this heat. even indoors in the AC.
Wake up Niggy!!!!
hahahahah... I mean?? Is it just me or did this just get awkward?? Lmao
i rep the KROWN, SRH and HOSTILITY ONLY WAY I KNOW
Eat for cheap! $6 for a Sinfully Delicious Sandwich and Fries ($12 Value)!
Great progress toward our kickstarter goal today. 67% funded headed into Portland Boat Show tomorrow. THANK YOU
If I'm louder would you see me? ......cause I can love you more than this.
just said my name was Ferris at Frappy hour! hahaha I'm always gonna do that from now on
Thanks for the follow, 29er! Catch us at our show this Thurs. to hear our 2 great new songs. Color us excited! #GirlsRock!
If Plan A doesn't work, relax. There are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
So Cal grocery workers in mediation today! Do what you can to support them
Hope your signing went well dear!
girl what is the problem?!? lol did you get the scrunchies, it's not suppose to be neat...
I cannot even handle how perfect #Community is right now.
Feeling Unappreciated..
Yea buddy! :] >> “: big shoutout to this lady go follow her :-)”
"Work" doesn't really feel like work when you're doing something that you love to do
EYE TUNES
Mazel tov to grandmother, mother, & baby!
“: Great. Wisconsin even won Miss America. #NotOurYearMinnesota” so true!
i wish the usa could do it
Hey Brent, hows it going down there in SD tonight. Anything fun going on
Paul Ryan: Obama' health care law will kill job creators . Election about the American dream
I'm still n da H...just watched this lady give a homeless man $20...0_o
Thanks for the RTs , , and
#np running (dying to live)
thank you! Good night!
I definately love it it's play on my computer over and over and im not clicking the repeat button my computer is clicking
u dnt like me .. that's fine(;
Thus proving my point, The black quarterback CAN throw the ball, is faster more athletic and is the future of football
Hey, everyone! If you got a message from me saying that " someone is saying something bad about you" it's a spam! Don't click on it!!!!
All my lies are only wishes, I know I would die if I could come back new...
Thanks for spreading the word about my birthday. Rebecca Forstadt
I'm sure he (Chris Brown) can sing, but the question is: why doesn't he?? ": but he can sing."
@ bronco... What a buncha f***in hillbillys.
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Wh.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center><h1>410
..Sometimes there's nothing better then beeing out of a relationship !
it's the calm before the storm.
I am now officially a "TWEATER" ......... is that correct?
time to back up everything on my drive
If your husband is the one who wants the divorce,you should NEVER beg or plead to get him to return.You give away your bargaining power.
Oh dear Lord.My neighbor has been going nonstop w/ the weed eater for almost 30mins. The noise is killing me and keeping Molly from napping
Best memory from in 4th period he tells me well " The girl call me Addi Daddy " gtfo lol
I bought a hippie dress
Shouldn't have said dudes name...
Is looking for a stage with a curtain, four puppets, and a butcher's apron to borrow next Saturday.
always believe in BC! :) see you at Apple Cup?!?!?
You often sense when the best mgt solution is to knock down some walls. But sensing is not the same as admitting nor does admitting = doing.
I don't eat meat, so when I stroll into Carls Jr I decided to order a large fries. Anybody have any better ideas?
WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER - and with win became only 4th driver in NASCAR history to do what?
God give me the strength I need to make it through this day give me the strength to ignore stupidity in Jesus name amen
Thank you - but of course I was joking
Amazing ride y'all! Great photos too, sir! I'm curious about your route. Wanna share?
Is the ability to balance a beer bottle on a urinal a primal male instinct or is it developed over time?
Client images selected. Post-production starts tonight. Stay tuned for updates on final retouches.
Yay...Happy Birthday.
Worry why would I care
Just learned about your group from the PG. Women who love beer? That's me! I'd love to check out an event in the future...
"Can I have the electronics department?" NEWSFLASH THE WHOLE STORE IS YA MORON
cool! I will add it to the RVA-ish list!
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
Wait, what??? Also picked up the Zink issue with and Oh, Kelso..
And to you! : ~ PEACE Be With You my Friends To Freedom, & TYVM4 the MT's. *
ok just watched eclipse and yep im right...jacob rules!!
I'm glad I'm not the only one who calls the boyz my babies(:
Excited about Gospel at the Gallery Saturday Memorial Weekend. Taking over the Art District. Where they do that at? Las Vegas baby
The beings were shining like silver or a mirror but nothing reflected off of them, I was looking for a mirror effect but there was none.
14. I HVE A TENDANCY TO GET OFF TRACK SOMETIMES...
I'm multi-tasking
You have the wrong ! You're talking about
Congratulations and ! They's gonna get married. YEAH!!!
Is that grammar really? Or just common sense.
At the dentist. Would rather be at work.
yes, yes I did. It was a great concert, nostalgic feelings and all.
I just thought, "Home."
Follow Great trust and probabe attorney
I know the game just started but.. what's going on CC?
Females always think I talk to a lot of women... Not the case.
on to the next one
Yep, the Duranti message was the one that made me think. It's not every day someone takes a shot like that at Schellenberg.
For sure! RT : I'm so inspired by #10mph documentary. Life can teach you a lot if you just go out and live it.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers!
Beautiful! I love the color!
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
Great job this morning on #Charlotte Talks!
Note to Idol...give judges a time out. Hire Jimmy Iovine to take their place.
Thank you & for the signed copy of the remarkable new book #StandingOnTheSun!
RT : "Sometimes you got to try something different to know that is right."- A. Lee 😊 ..
no, that's not me!!!
well ain't got no moneys so I may have to do the alternative...
Thas good enough for me.
customer service supervisor told us today it's not their fault we went paperless just to save a couple of trees!
took me awhile too lol
Isnt there a single motherfucking day the bitch ass Justin Bieber fans aka "Beliebers" flood twitter with reatrded shit about that asshole?
loll well see being cute is trying to be like you
No worries! It's always great tweeting you!
Thats not very nice DOLL
Derek Jeter's 500th Career Double.
Not that Virginia Republicans are any better. They just passed a "personhood" bill for zygotes.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Woot! Thanks for listening to , y'all!
enjoying an evening of Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth. Ah...
It is What it is.
who inspired you the most?
i'll check on it for ya
WE ARE!
“Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.” ~Annie Dillard
The audience doesn't like reality musicals where even though it is true, the heroine dies.
they won't! “: Don't care if people mock me, but there's some darn good basketball being played down at these days.9-0”
Great feedback for "Why I Love America; part I, Mugg's Movers" from the IAWTV panel at BlogWorld. Thank you! :-D
yo smile so cute and sexy babee ☺😚
We have a monster on our hands
Well I mispoke. #WMATA running but had an 18 minute wait.
Hey everyone! Please follow ! Let's help them become the best USA fan site for ! Thanks!
Breakfast: Thinking Cracker Barrel or Denny's
": The #Virgo need for perfection means in love, all your desires will be met."
Yeah same here going to be busy tomorrow
im listening to u on radio disney u should so start singing when your done with the movie
They're assholes!
omg! Image of Grace is getting somewhere! In June, jarett asked us 2 participate in a concert thing @
saving some $$ for da new hizzzzouse!!
#JBSOMEDAY I will meet you and talk wiyh you. I love you so much.
whats a tinky winky and why is it trending?
Baltazar asked me to name all the Ninja Turtles. Please, I know my turtles I LOVE them. I have nerdy moments too.
Late night last minute homework.
Aeesome! Email me your number and I'll call you to se it up.
I'm in tears cause mo fucker didn't no what to say! Hahaha
Time goes by to fucking FAST!
thanks. Hope your mothers day was great as well.
RT Repurpose articles into eBooks, videos, newsletters, and more to reach new audiences. The sky is the limit!
Doing double duty for MDA!
haha YES! Definitively made my morning. Gonna try to find a 1 of those bumblebee headband things. Ill wear it for fun, at parties.
Two Trailer Park Whores go Around the Outside, Around the Outside, Around the Outside ! #EminemMoment xD
I don't think you have anything to worry about ;-) Besides, the flight to LA is pretty short. I'd commute!
#nccetl not about teaching technology skills but integration into teaching and learning
Send your pics to TopekaHigh2002 (at) gmail dot com please and thanks!
Yea, that's the dark side of MSG. I have friends who are very allergic, so I always try to avoid it when eating out.
Well, tomorrow is the big day of placement tests. Not like I haven't used my mind for intelligent thought in a long time. Nbd.
You are going to use MORE slides than would in physical classroom. Rule of thumb every 3 minutes need an engaging activity
Gotta watch mi niece and nefu lol sucks
inspiring commonwealth club talk today. You and your husband need to be vocal surrogates for Pres Obama this election cycle
that does sound a bit like a nightmare, why can't family entanglements ever be easy?
You can spend your life avoiding your dreams, but everynight you go to sleep.
I'm impressed you ate a burrito and ran back. I can't run after i eat.
power move.
Twitter is my therapy.
The avengers!!!
Oracle and Java were no match for Android, Google says
I find it so entertaining when I walk around my floor and hear Call Me Maybe being blasted from the bro rooms
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Describing medieval blindstamped bindings is an exercise in making up adjectives.
I hope Metta World Piece just fucks the Thunder up
Just got called a "nigger" by some punk as* then he sped off.. They ain't bout that life!
Holy crap Chris Davis did it hahaha
your welcome i really do like your tweets :)
hahaha yea with some minor adjustments we could lol we did have a ball. Gimme more T.I. remix. I'm the #1whitegirldown ctfu
Took a 2012 BMW 650i out for a 3hr drive today. Was pretty impressed. Definitely will be testing out an M3 when it's time to sell the s2000.
I watched the first episode last week. My one word review is "meh".
same here work and school and the life of a single parent LOL I never sleep hahahaha
Interesting. The things I had issue with seem to indicate stupid suburban voters being ignorant
I think our next episode should involve a vacation...
me, myself & I sir please?
If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least RIP MCA
Proverbs 16:7 When the LORD takes pleasure in anyone’s way, he causes their enemies to make peace with them.
comedian/ Event Host/ Radio Personality
#sadpanda is an understatement, that's really terrible news. I'm sorry for your loss - pets are family members.
This day is officially brought to you by GOD. (Faith required. Results may vary). Unknown
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 18
Nickelback in named after the guy who throws the ball in Canadian rules football, right?
It hurts a lot more to get rear ended than to rear end. At least it didn't involve my car this time.
Shuffled some naughty by nature hello good mood
I think whichever team wins that series will play the HEAT in the #NBA FINALS
After finally starting the unpacking process, I've come to the,conclusion that packing was a lot easier -_-
1935-#DUST BOWL-The drought conditions & over-farming had been building for yrs but this storm climaxed the decade long event.
I apologize to my followers for next hour or so I am in an interactive play where audience responds via tweets. Plz ignore ;)
RT : Those bartending classes on Groupon suck. Get some real learning at The prgrm is endorsed!
Just got accepted to THATCamp!! Can't wait!
Hey everyone... Follow my lil Bro
Im not gonna make im sick of this already lol!
Guess I gotta grab 2 zones to get right
you not the only one
Final audition at APU is completed.
�The common reputation of Twitter is that it�s frivolous, which isn�t the case
Make that triplets...or ghost army?
what kind? (x
Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page Th
asdfghjkjhgfdfgh THANK YOU! I just announced a shout out on fb to like your music n.n.
So long and thanks for all the fish
: Mike Brown wouldn't be the coach of my AAU squad.
“: people so easily influenced smh. Crazy.”
I did not pay 40 dollars for this weave to get wet! (-___-)
are you riding the trolley next Friday?
Is there a word for the fear of dropping your keys through the gap and down an elevator shaft? (I know the word used when it happens)
Getting ready for my art display at Harris Bank in Cary
Yay! Thunder and lightning in the Central Valley. So rare!
My eyes are killen me
#MXpresidentialDebate. Interesting, each candidate seems to have their own sign language interpreter
Saw Outside of Breaking Dawn set! They waved at us:) Awesome dayy!!!!!
jarius, picture me and you at a dance club! Go go go go go go go go. All the girl screaming. Go jarius, go go. Go alfred, go go
nuthin much...jus living..how u been
5am, me and Kirby at it again. Ball handling, post work, and shooting on the agenda for today. Let's go!
I have honestly only had coffee once my whole life. I didn't like it.
you know how many titties i've sucked by drawing girls? you think i just did that for fun??
Just remembered that Holy Musical Batman is coming out tonight! Eep!
Never mix business with feelings!
THANKS CHRIS RT : #FF Engaging, good people >
When I read the word 'pharaonic'...I don't know why, but it brings to mind 'moronic'....completely different.
Contact me when you like to come by (305) 846-1251
Travis Pastrana is driving NASCAR?! That dude can do everything that involves wheels.
hope you and Claire have a snuggly afyernoo
Watching Eat Pray Love with my best friend. This is a really good movie!
Yum!! Recipe?
What it do
oh yeahh yeah its friday!!!!
I want to go to your church!
yeah you should come to America :)
I just landed in LA and I'm staying right next to Would love to grab drinks sometime this week if you're not too busy.
its functional, powering lake express etc.
Help! I'm having withdrawals from no and !!
Okay so give me time and im clicking
This year has been full of work but also full of joy...I am so grateful with God first and with all of u my Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
Back in Seattle. Where I can't see the stars and the streets are filthy. Wishin for home and the woods already.
HE TALKED TO ME OMGOMGOMG SCAHH
Don't fuck with feeling
ha ha I loved .99 they are a great agency full of very good people :)
Well, I can tell you on thing is a sweetie. Not a mean bone in her well under 5 ft body!
Thanks for the RT ! This promises to be the biggest and grandest wedding show of the season and we can't wait :D
support kill streaks are starting to make me the most pissed, emps and stealth bombers every fucking second in gw
I think this was the first full week of the school year that went well. Hopefully next week will go as well.
It's our senior day event for all the graduates-to-be :)
if it isn't a poem, then I think you should make it so & write it! Xo
sounds good dude, you look fly
Of course I'm still playing. Starts my day. You?
"Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach."
My Moma so irritating sometimes 😒
Remember, you cannot make someone love you, you can only make yourself someone who can be loved
it's not even a good ad
Awesome, and yes we "men" are all alike.
LMAO you just made my day ten times better :)))
will just have to look forward to puerto rico.
yes we will ;)
The Old Testament as we have it seems to be an Iron Age document. Of course it is far from being one document. It is a library.
Finally managed to get a free ticket. Wow, what a hot mess that was...
Checking in @ Connected Oscar Gift Suites @ Avalon.
Same here, 28 yrs ago! Just about to lock door leaving with baby, etc, he pukes all over me! Back inside, start over :+D
. I'm surprised you even have to say this. Of course you need to show your work as a UX, esp. for a mid-senior position!
yeah I know right ! It sucks sometimes
bittersweet I might miss that class but I'm def getting my 10 pts tomorrow
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so. Do share your illustrations, too.
where's the watering hole here
Dammit. Called 84 point total for all 4 teams for free SB ticks. Looks like 83 will take it.
Eh? And don't you hate Naruto?
I imagine he's better than Colt McCoy.
aww. I'm sure you do everyday :)
It's time this country got blessed with another Dave Matthews. ~nobody
This time my tire got blown out ...
Drink of the weekend: Iced Tropical Chai (vanilla chai and coconut). Come in and mention twitter or fb for $1.00 off!
You look mah-velous. But when am I going to see your svelte and smiling face--to-face?
took me a good long time to find that error.
Getting a Mohawk and drinking some wine. Pretty rock n roll Thursday if I do say so myself! And I do
Drama? Yeah, not needed. Step back n be easy. Now... Time to go to Thr book signing!
Sometimes I wish I was ugly ...
If you liked the Teahouse Fire (an understatement in my case, it was adorable) Ellis Avery has a new promising novel out "The Last Nude"
So i gotta tweet through a text -_-
Nice. $1B FB + Instagram. Now just need to add to it, and the empire is complete!
Okay, time to get up out of my comfy warm bed, stop blowing up twitter, and go run
Good morning to all my Laker Haters
Wow Matt Jones is tearing Joel Pett apart ! Leave the guy alone, he does excellent cartoons and is a great addition to Hearld Leader !
I find myself wondering how you lovingly rip off somethings head.
Hey from DrawnDead Poker Wear. Check out our new designs!! www.drawndead.net
Starting the day off right
kira'in :D
Congrats on your success! #Baltimore will be excited to have you!
This morning I wake up to a big surprise my dad bought me ticket to an Asking Alexandria concert :3 This will be my 2 concert :)
thank you. you are such a sweetheart.
only yours were rhyming.. haha. none of his did..
Cutting your leg in the bath <<<<
is hoping someone tells Desmond Bishop what tind the plane is landing in San Diego, so he can join the rest of the team for the game.
reminds me of me being the high voice singing the pledge of allegiance, haha
#Lakers vs Minnesota tonight!
or....in charge.
Good morning follow me :)
When yea team is a 99 in Madden Ultimate Team
I HATE YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO U R!!! AND IF U DONT U SHOULD!!!!
life is too hard, but JUST TO SELENA GOMEZ MAY EXCEED MILLION THINGS!
HAPPY Thursday! No sad stories please.
watchin tangled with little joe
But that 5-year old Optiplex: we gotta keep an EYE on that one!
we are going to do some damage this year, coach.
That's nice to hear, thank you!
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
Kasey Kahne won today. Take that haters. He still winning and making more money than you!
Climb new heights with the guidance of Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
Checking out #neyo, I mean his new line of hats
The story of my life when things go wrong so you try to fix it an even more things go wrong
come on , I miss seeing you everyday ! :)
my phones fucked up just message me on here
you said you suck the cock
Trampolines: they make twentysomethings feel like fiftysomethings
Just saw a homemade shirt with Stewie dressed as a black Scarface, captioned: "Nigga Gangsta". Thatz funny as hell.
Let's go crew!
Legendary, as in Bigfoot? Sasquatch? RT Today in #YEG The Legendary Steve Kaplan #Comedy Workshop via
what questions do you have for about #youthprivacy, social media, and programs to educate young people about #privacy?
Happy birthday to !
Parenting is a rollercoaster ride, isn't it?
Seattle School Board election preview - The Seattle Times
That personal ad should have read "swf looking for indentured servant to share long walks and soul deadening criticism."
Dam. Its fina pour down.
That would be great! I'll call you next week and see how your schedule looks in the next few weeks. Keep up your good work!
Got Pics of your Baltimore City Firefighters working? Send them to
Anyone want to hear a new beat?
yes but I hope they r almost done!
At "Politics & Pleasures of Local, Seasonal Food" at Kensington Commy Church www.kensingtonucc.com.
Watching Forgetting Sarah Marshal
Dear phone, I drop you, I say I hate you, I throw you, I lose you, I forget you, but... I couldn't live without you.
It seems like Odom has given up on life since he was traded .
VERY MUCH SUPPORT RT : It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
That was really good organic black bean soup from trader joes almost as good as amys version but half the price just saying...happiness is!!
What kind of music do you all play?
Hey has anyone made a lunch guide for infocamp? Maybe I can do one.
How was your first week of school?
Yes Yes Yes Lord! I OBEY!!!! song "Yes To Your Will" stirring all in me....
hahahahahhah no I don't mind! Seriously then it looks like people actually read half the shit I tweet.
Wish the Knicks would throw a zone at em or somethin...
Screw you Rossello!
Beautiful beach day but choppy waters from the storm out there.
lol Oh okay. Sry if I misinterpreted that last one. Head is in #fiveplacesatonetime :)
when GOD took my mama he placed a woman in my life that love me unconditionally iloveuy grandma tootie:)
Poppycock is so underused. Can that be the title of your next book?
US intellectual history. I have Hollinger & Capper, Metaphysical Club, Pauli Murray and others
To level the playing field... starts w/ the edu of our sons and daughters. ~VP Joe Biden
cant it be summer already!?
why what happened!!! :o
Ok get on google plus
Perfectly timed lane change, as the horse in the trailer (in front of me) had to relieve itself.
- Really a neat photo slider you have put together, I'm looking forward to diving into your code and getting acquainted.
the protest movement wanted change... but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass.
iPads. Not just for Dads anymore!
Goal! USA 0, Mexico 1. Mexico right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Guardado with a cross.
Ya'll should check out and help trend #DylanHolland (:
This is the summer of the grind!
I need a haircut!.... Now!
I miss you too!
what time do you go on at Soundbar tomorrow in Chicago?
Need a #change in your life? Join me in FLP, use our amazing aloe products!
Does anyone else find it ridiculously strange that schools use head hunting firms to hire college coaches? What? A complete waste of $
The man sleep two days and wake up and go to sleep again
It's like knitters christmas
RT : When's that moderator going to ask about class basketball?
Aight well just get at me when you get off
do you think tech companies like Apple and Google help or hurt journalists?
Speakeasy this Saturday. email for details...
WHAT? this is my go-to move when this situation happens... must reassess all social interactions now
of course! Done:)
ha, good point. Just unfortunate timing.
Not feelin this fake follower shit
Day off, hellz yeah.
success! It's so ice!
When does Sparkle debut?
Hi Rae! Checkin in to say hi & see how you're doin? Hows everything w/The Gurlz? Hope everything is good Take care n hava gd week
I know. Just disappointing. I did like the Indiana section this year!
The Maltese Falcon! RT : Humphrey Bogart starred in plethora of dark & cynical film noir hits. Have a favorite?
Too irritated I'm dne being nice to people who treat me like shit
Congrats Lynn, that's quite the achievement! :)
Thinking of CBA all day today. I wish I was with all my #Bellevue peeps!
Raven, from That's So Raven, just came out of the closet <3
what is your identity de-labeling activity #sschat <- i like the way that sounds!
Thanks! We're happy to have him.
It's always got to be that one person fucking up my day-,-
well at least they weren't hitting on me. Or... whatever they were trying to do. (anger you?) lol
But in better news, huge congrats to !
aww.. Gary Pinkel is trending - and not for anything good. Poor judgement indeed, but unforgivable - I think not!
I wish my weekends didn't consist of working all the time, but damn my paychecks are fancy.
It's looking like the Celtics fans ran all up in Atlanta.
Shots shots time, i love watching tv shows drunk, i feel like i understand them better
I would like to thank you for the advice you gave me when i was in chicago for the #APHIA convention.
we're thinking patio #coldcraftbeer as part of today's #EABF countdown. :)
I think the comments/notes on Pinterest are hard to read - font and format is hard to see. For text, like wikis better.
Friday Follows TGIF
which oph? Come to Portland and try the true original
heard that!
Further consolidation in media #ZiffDavis purchased by
Trying to load mp4 video to Edmodo. Why is this so challenging?
I am terribly sorry, believe me when I say I never received a tweet from you. I am more than happy to answer any question :)
Only when he dies will a few non-art followers remember his name.
Thanks, guys.
Mom: are you going out tonight? Me: no. Mom: oh, is it because you have no one to go out with?
I am Tired!!
Very disappointed that they didn't keep Manning. He's a class act and showed it at the press conference.
Stomach is hurting so bad right now like ugh.
Why is it that I always get lost no matter what when leaving manhattan? Brooklyn and I are still working out our differences ..
Listening to Tiesto this Monday morning...just call me
Excuse me...I'm sorry to bother you...but I just had I tell you... love your voice.
lol she must be dumped wit a phat ass
It's raining Yen, hareruya it's rainin Yen
And in order to make sense of it all i have to learn what it is like to hurt, but i dont want to know what it is like to hurt
Very nice – Spent the time here in Atlanta with Lauren's mom visiting.
Patrick Dempsey is chipping away at my confidence in news 2 minutes at a time.
check your messages up here, sent u one.
You mean, hell to the frakkin' yeah!
Center justified text makes the Baby Jesus cry.
watching Camp Rock on Netflix!
Ready to be inspired at annual meeting. Lots of great work being done in #Indy!
ADDICTION AND AUTONOMY: CAN ADDICTED PEOPLE … | One ...
RT #highered success & its connection to prosperity may be the most important #economic growth issue of our time. --
Yo mama is so dirty,she makes mud look clean.
“: I did it - I passed my #CrossFit L1 Cert!! I am so happy!! :) #happygirl” congrats, now shape some lives!
Good to hear!
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
RT If you want to leave a footprint, don’t drag your feet,..
John Legend 'Heaven Only Knows'
The creepiest commercials come on... on Pandora. :(
reff at volleyball so looked like will ferrel! even had a picture of himself in the #buddytheeelf costume! bahah
hahha...nice..where?....this starts *the tour* (as in yours), huh?
we are thinking maybe June.. A friend of ours invited us.. She lives in Dallas I have no idea where tho
Lingo the game show is coming back woo woo, that reminds me of Chuck Woolery and love connection YEAH he is the boom !!!!
Thx for tweeting about our event on Sunday - will we see you there?
I've been tweeting just at times you haven't!
yes definitely 
sorry for long wait, twitter didn't show me that u mention me like it usual do. Thx for replying me back
who was it
My mom says she has a DMB ticket for me for the 9th if I can get my hubs to stay w/ kids. Probably never happen
The fact that you act like you never even really cared at all absolutely kills me because i did.. more than what i thought i guess.
just trying to network on twitter....
Learn not to know.
Airport run.
yeah. Unfortunately my mom won't let me go. :/
Hey pretty <3 the Getcha Sexy Back in Bright Blue in Small if you have it =)
Inspired me to dye my hair blonde when I was 12, about the same time that my parents first kicked me out of the house.
IT'S DA BOOTY..the condition and position...George Clinton said it best: do the knowledge to Maggot Brain..his intro..word
Have you been searching for an authentic, deeply integrated #SocialMarketingAutomation solution that really works? We have what you want.
now I'm realizing he ain't you
Ginger Mandarin Chicken, Tea Soaked Brown Rice, Sunflower Seeded Broccoli
ugh i feel sick :(
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
Social Media Marketing: 27 Stats, Soundbites, and Slides
Does screaming "thank you" really seem appreciative?
the one that you hunger for
Survivor – Eye Of The Tiger
yea, same here lol
Your welcome! Have a great day! :)
I liked it. I think the opening credits was my favorite part, though.
It is a beautifully lush morning in Broad Ripple.
Everything abt yesterday was unplanned! Want to meet up in Manhattan today? I have to be at Carnegie Hall at 715 PM. Free before.
- What is your asking price?
That's a good way of looking at it!
Buffalo Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts following productive off-season
wats the budget..boy txt me...ur ass use to rt all the time now u wanna come on twitter asking questions u shld txt bkwards ass
Tomorrow I will be out collecting nomination signatures in the #18thAssemblyDistrict again. Looking forward to meeting with more people!
I can't wait to come back home next month!
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. ~ Jerome K Jerome
thanks for the shoutout!
Ppl wearing long sleeves slowly convince me that I'm crazy!
Thanks! About time I look like my avatar. To attract Rails devs can you just put some cookies on your stoop, whistle then hide?
I am so blessed....and more importantly thankful. God has been so good to me and my family.
Purchase #Tucson #Foreclosures Worry Free
Looking for examples of short Flash videos (1-3 min) explaining a new product, ideally developer-oriented. Any favorites?
Ick!! Vitamins taste disgusting!
I don't think it's reasonable to expect that NY Times stay free & in business, but I also think the prices announced are too high.
you're always invited to come chill by my pool, bbq, and drink with me and ;)
REMINDER**** Someone that follows us will win a Shirt or Hat today from retweet_it
You can have friends everywhere. Don't feel guilty.
. #TeamThinMint is like one of those crazed cults. I expect a Waco type ending for all y'all.
BOOM!!! AND THAT BALL IS NOT COMING BACK!!! THE GRANDY MAN CAN!!!
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you...
haha I shush I'm sick
I hate ticks...first one in my pupy this year...the little nasty buggers
Stop by Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for some great Breakfast fare!!!
Borgman: Beware of Chris Anderson theory that now we have data, we don't need theory.
Wish I didn't have practice tonight :/ uggghhh
THAT is pretty cool!!!!Actually it's the coolest thing I've seen in my social media career so far. You are
bo the colts will be back
dude idk but I want so bad!!!!!!
Etch A Fletch
RT : Update on Read & React offense. Several of the habits we have been drilling have transfered to game situations.
super moon!!!!!
Omfg he was putting the fries in his ear. Wtf Johnny.😂
Come to MY house & try to fight me.
October 27, 2004. I fractured my wrist high-fiving a stranger from a moving car. Worth it.
e! RT : Anna ( staffer) just finished the !!! We are so proud!
yea mines
“: what's wrong?” nothing hun!
Eating foods with protein and oils from plants results in an increased lifespan
love me some maduro
Thank you!
About to kill some music shit!
I didn't understand that until just now. I'm lol in a public place!!! I love you!!
I thought u did watch that no more
It was amazing.
We're there. So far, really good info. Thanks Beth Kantor!
hi want to DM?
Right now I could care less if my music is too loud you can deal. I can barely hear it but people not listening to it can hear it more...
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Bout to go see Switchfoot acoustic live nd upclose!
Naw. I like some men in beards.
Miller: Linked data is technical; openness is policy. Linked data and linked open data not same, share architecture
Really sad.
Lmfao I had to remove it glad u got to see it
Baseball is just track practice now..... :p
Finished up the afternoon by meeting with a faculty member about a potential project. This might have legs!
You will follow my pal if you know what's good for ya!
Louis Has Grown Up up so Fast I Just Love Him He's My Little Baby Boy♥
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl
RT : 4th and forever was good tonight :)
perfect! Almost Hacks Of Kindness.
Today I'll be at reserve & u?
What kind of writing help do you need: Business, Creative, or Technical?
I may be buying a mustang right now...
what do people in an art museum in the first place and then capitalize on that activity -
Sign up for our mailing list today! Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com and look for the form on the right :)
once again im pushed into the pool☺
every single person.
lol so what not allowed too
yes, I am kidding. I know who she is.
Call officials screw up a lot. Dude is under the rim and draws an over the back.
Bobby Wagner with a pick in the Senior Bowl
I know! I'll sign up for the next session :)
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars RB Maurice Jones-Drew made is 2011 preseason debut tonight and had a 14 yard run (14 yards...
I'm glad I didn't get booted for that!
Len's getting worse as the night goes on.
The POV Winter Documentary Series is over! Join us 5/23 for the Summer Documentary Series starts. Films shown weekly @ 5:30p in the Rines!
I shall :)
oh gosh!! I hope not!! That would be boring and mean!!! Ugh idk!! I want to know haha
Are you down to listen to me?
OMG seriously, why create work for us?
I'm the same way...always lol
"We focus all our energy on things that bring us down; let's put our voices all together, make a joyful sound."
That's always a good sign. What changes did your 'new idea' bring to the course?
DONT WRITE ME FUCKIN BITCH PEOPLE!!!!!!..
Craigs list puppy > craigs list kitty
There's a drink called skinny water now? Diet water? Are you for real??
FYI, seems to be working with 1.5.0 though.
I wish I was in Milwaukee so I could catch the bus to the lake!!!!
I'm comparing brandy back then to rihanna now. Brandy don't fit into this era. Music all about sex now, that's not her style
oh really?!? How is going so far?
#ListOfTurnOns when guys dress cute, but don't try hard.
": #Pacers #fuckyeah"<-just like the old times watching on the deck!
fantasy factory > pretty much any other show..
My Epic is so dang good.
Michael Shames of UCAN says allegations of fraud and mismanagement are "smoke and mirrors"; says his lawyers will "obliterate" his critics.
no Remix straight Rihanna
The Plum Wine Sake was delightful. Probably didn't need two mid-day, but I digress.
I cried 2times during Wrestle Mania, when HBK, Undertaker and Triple H helped each other out and when Edge started crying :'(
NWST: Did the #Seahawks talk to #RGIII @ the combine? hear from the Heiman Winner himself w/ tonight. 930 / 11pm KONG
People need to learn how to stop disrespecting pregant teenagers. its not right, but you dont know what theyve been through.
what I miss?
Hope is not a strategy - but sometimes it's essential to execution.
There are two types of people who really irritate me: 1. A drunk person when I'm sober. 2. A sober person when I'm drunk.
off to lambeau
When your dad says "its cute".
True Happiness & Sincere Love ❤ .
I miss using fb , but twitter is my life now <3
Our Yoga group meets every Friday at 9:00am. Relieve the tension from a long week or get refreshed for your upcoming weekend!
What's your opinion on the Seattle Seahawks taking West Virginia's Bruce Irvin with the 15th overall pick?
RT : How do u build new donor relationships? breakfast club! Hearing from #NYC #nonprofit #development directors
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses. That will really show them.
Prof. George Lewis is guest lecturer in the Afrofuturism seminar, Tuesday, October 11th, 6pm, Kellen Auditorium, 66 Fifth Ave. (Free)
Update: staying for a 3rd night at the hospital. Baby has an ear infection in both ears and is still coughing a lot but improving.
agreed! And you'd have to have great balance too!
Mark/enter Spring #2012 events on/in your NEW calendars!
what do you mean by score
damn! what a day
#status ...New website, coming soon!
You assholes. I am not no damn steak dinner.
RT : The only #FiestaBowl I care about right now is the one on my lap filled with Julio's Chips.
oh I hate haha too! It's so unfair, but I harshly judge all lol and haha tweeters. Yet I have "ha" 'ed in my time.
aaahhh...missed you Saturday.
and hope you are having fabulous travels!
That's what's up....so proud of you sis...won't be long for the cap and gown.
HowDoWeDese80 this beer garden in NYC for a friends bday, you?
working on my MR presentation at caffrey's. #casualwednesday with
No doubt. Why is it that Xians ignore the worst parts of the NT, but chant those that appear 'good'?
Got into an argument about what Ayele Forde is capable of at RB. He's a nifty runner but IMO lacks speed/power. Friend sees a role for him.
that's my fave activity. Your sis and g'ma and I would be fast friends.
Congrats to kevin willer
Oh, yeah. Coffee.
The judge at traffic court just completely botched a joke about me wearing skinny jeans. I laughed anyway.
Awww I can't stop looking at the pictures from yesterday! I LOVE EVERYONE <333333
Hm, when should i upload.....:P
Come and enjoy your evening @ Kettner Night Art Walk tonight from 6 to 9! We will be there:):)
No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry, and hurting
Always a lot of hope for the Skins in April. Maybe can make us believe in January.
ASB run-off elections are today. Don't forget to cast your vote - and tell us which race is most important to you.
Yes! He is announcing the date tomorrow, I'm so VERY excited!!! it is VERY SOON!
“Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.” - Voltaire
Script sent!!!
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundraiser May 16? You better! Use promo code "YoungFriend" & save $25!
Just got home from studio. Long night! I'm working on a 2-panel piece, 2' x 6'. Got 1st layer of paint down. It's crazy colorful.
Finally I will only run for two term. I have no interest in being a politican. I just want to fix my city.
"Accept loss forever". - Jack
Out for a walk, perfect weather. Bout to be a chill night
Those smoothies that I've been making recently have been bringing all the young men into my front garden...?!
Assessing and reassessing some things.
Have been entering the sweepstake everyday like a loyal fansie
#PlansForTheSummer swimming, sleeping, running, vacationing, drinking, listening to music, chilling, watching TV, and being done with school
Better than ticketing people for jaywalking, another favorite activity of bored Seattle cops.
damn i need some ppl to fwm bored as hell right now
Always and forever is the lock and were the key
Good luck Indiana!!!
not saying its impossible but DP made the same mistake twice and couldnt recoop. He also didnt fight to his strengths either
Going HAM on my homework, then bed time fo sho!!!
NoafWes recording session.
Isaw the hair stand up on your neck, when Geraldo wanted Cain to call him, he needs to find Al capone's real vault
r u gonna be at the church 2mrw for any reason or do u want me to bring ur pb & bread to u?
That makes me really happy! And if I ever need you (which is quite possible), I will totally call you.
"You can always fall back on the five finger rule"...Unless you've never used the five finger rule.
A successful woman is one who can find such a man
SO happy you are our owner! Me & my girl have season tix! Can't wait for opening day! GO MAGIC!
I love following athletes. Rise and grind!
"Nobody puts Baby in the Corner." Rest in peace Patrick Swayze.
We've conceded April/May. Entirely! RT : It's always a good game when is quite about his stinkin' bosox
I always offer you your football back you just never take it
Dun wit eyebrows&nails im tired&starvin McDonald's here i come lol
Rain, you need to stop. I need to see my #orioles thump the #redsox tonight, okay?
I got meeting in the ladies room....literally. WOMEN BEHIND BARS
Just hit me 500 hundred dollar hit off wit cuzins, Thank god 4 it
Asked by on , Rep. Israel (D-NY) predicts GOP Reps. J. Walsh (Ill.) and Ann Marie Buerkle (NY) will lose in Nov.
Wich destination are you most interested on?
yay party time
main if ion get this bitch off my my mutha fuckin friends list
Don't understand why people have kids and get married when they can't even support themselves.
RT there is a difference in life of a mutual exchange & that which is thievery... Twitter is of giving & receiving. Unite.
What do you think are some of the greatest obstacles of our generation? and what do you think can we do to make change
Dang! She gets to take five friends with her, right?!
A habit they never grow out of!
Thanks so much for the kind words, Tonio! I hope all is well.
!!!!!! RT : niggas with no money telling other ppl to get they money up....
Mann...... the more I listen to beatbox the more I wish I could do it lol
You're welcome! Thank you for following me as well!
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  10
I was so pleasantly surprised.
I really would like him 2 win another Wimbledon...but my heart of hearts want him 2 win 1 more RGarros Title.
Can't wait to work with for #BGC10 I KNOW THE WORLDS GONNA LOVE THIS BAD GIRL*
Today has just been awesome:))
tis the season!
who needs promoting? Hit me up
I hate dumb ass NEF only playing the Magics game who da fuck. Are they we are fans the champs of FLA and FSN need to respect dat
cool minivan is an oxymoron.
Yes. All 3. SMH.. Handling all 3 sch. are hectic. Bball 2. I want them to try soccer. They r not 4 it...
i can never fall asleep easily.
wish i could skip today
I wanted more drama with Jermaine's departure! Make me wait an hour and 20 minutes for his lisping lies!
Heaven. “: I was too busy not giving a shit. Where did Tebow go?”
Tweet Me A Number And A Picture Of You And I'll Ship You With A Celebrity !!(:
lmfaoo I know! !! I herd
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you
Answer: zero. Luckily did not lose much.
Bout to #instagram some pics I'm bored and can't sleep blah
Can I move to Oregon please ?!?! To my relative's house :(((
How "Out That Door" sounding like?
Awww RT : I just played peek-a-boo with a little boy in the car next to mine.
Sweet pool. Are you going to josh groban.
RT : Fun Fact: China has the world’s longest continuously used written language.
Charles River Apparel has recently been named a 5-star Supplier by ASI! Thanks for your continued support.
Not feeling so hot Took emergen-c, day quil.. ugh.. really hope I'm not coming down with something!
I'll take some pictures for you! We got pretty good seats 4 row up from field 2 sections down from dugout. First base line!
lol. IT IS BROKEN!!! also, have you ever eaten at another breakfast place? you can do way better than the hop.
#IfIRuledTheWorld I'd bring God back into government.
so nice XD
Withhold desired activity (like reading newspaper) until after brief writing session
Your welcome! Just be yourself and be positive and you'll do great!! :)) where's it at?
Train derails, leaking ethanol in Pasco, WA. Watch the latest on
depends on the flowers...
POSTURE CHECK!!! Sit up straight! Abs in, chest up, shoulders back, head floating high <3
DQ doesn't deliver, but does...
I am a woman with a plan. I love having a plan, even if it's a vague one. I've been without one for a while, so this feels extra sweet.
Adairs Saloon tonight! Music starts at 9. Come party with us!
Hope everyone is having fun at :)
holy jamoly that's crazy.!!!!!! We were so cute.!!!
Hello Twitter. Atwater Junction hopes you will follow us to find out where we are playing and how you hear our music.
Just chugged a strawberry milksake, and a brownie AND a redbull. Why did I do this too myself. FAIL AT LIFE right now. Ima puke
what's your most favorite episode of all time? Im going with the Toyota Helix destruction.
Thorpe is not answering your questions in this interview. :\
RT : Follow Jamaican Food in Cincinnati!!! Purchase Wale Tickets there & Receive Discount on Any Meal Purchase
Nuggets won last night baby.melo vs king James. Loved tha game..Holla
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
Did everyone have a HOPpy Easter weekend?
InSideYouUnderStand (InSideYouWill) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
I learned today an easy way to lose followers is by spoiling plot endings. Well, guys, Dumbledore dies...
Awww :') what did you do for her?
Fact that I have an umbrella with me on my travels right now is leading to some pretty high adult-esteem right now. #grownup!
If I had a dime for every time someone on uses the term "headwinds," I wouldn't need to watch
Had a nice visit from MS :)
Yeah! You guys are doing a good thing. We appreciate your customer service. Keep up the good work!
I AGREE WITH U!!(:
#ireallycantstandwhen people pretend to hate iPhones
HEY, MALYNDA!! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! :)
Day 83 of 100: I am thankful for seeing that I've been, I am and I'll always be a student in this acting thing
Awww too cute
Trilla doe. Everbody follow my big bro !!
- my band would love to play Slims sometime.
I'm gonna take a #SUMO nap..
Elaine Sullivan F'12: GIS & 3D model allowing researchers to virtually experience Saqqara, ancient Egyptian cemetery
Actions speak louder than words, lemme try this shit. dead.
We haven't gotten to Julie Andrew's Scully yet. ": I could have gone all night without that visual, lol!"
twould be an amazing dress.
Thanks for RTing our ele photo! I'll post a couple new ones today to share.
Lol no that's not sexist at all.. It's simply the mindset of a man.. Hahah
#UsetittiesInAMovieTitle avatar the last air titties
yes I drink would b a must and some great smoke... Lol...
amazing what pretty girls can do :) PS I have new perfume to buy and we both have bracelets to find, Kim!!
Just heard an infomercial on the radio for "Cougar Life" what the fuck
All day on set! This short film is going to be good... ✌😊🎬
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
Sending Valentine's wishes to you.
we overrode that due to the leatheryness of those sighted
nah man im pissed! and balls im too excited now. gottaa hold da weave
#nonnfldrafttweet #Touch is my new favorite drama.
#Boston Worst TOP 3! 1. #MBTA Go Fare Hike yourself! 2. RUDE. 3. #CEO brings SWORD to work to scare employee on #job!
would lose to me in a fight
Fasten your seat belts kids... ALCL is taking off!!!
You're welcome! Glad you could make it :)
why are you letting someone with a conflict of interest comment on this fight? Lampley is so biased. Go Marquez!
“: When you know you're being annoying but you don't give a f^ck because you're finding yourself too hilarious.”
Blake & Barnes
Sturdivant: You will find a lot of resistance to funding something new. Leadership is necessary to overcome barriers.
RIP Junior Seau
Quoting Drake >
#fact RT ✋RT : You ever seen two crack heads in love? ...It's the most beautiful thing I ever seen. 😢
Lets go Yankees!
Ok the list is finished...just not revealing it yet. Look for more announcements of new things between Christmas Eve & New Years Day!
SO i heard!! Damn lmao ima finna kill this nigga next week
tell I said hello!
What was the last TV show you watched?
i feel like i have been missing so much, not really being on and everything..
oh you did me wrong it's war Zeak lol
My birthday is on Sunday.
We're number 23 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for San Francisco, CA. www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret. Thanks for your support!
Thanks so much for the follow ! Can't wait to try one of your drinks!
End bad hair days for 3 years with a custom full lace wig from Dr. Wiggy! Call for a free consultation at 855-DRWIGGY www.drwiggys.com
Church was awesome!!! Never substitute spiritual growth for your own self desires
Oxymoron of the day..Louisville fan calling a UK fan an idiot.
cause we need to check with that we aren't crazy. you're right though, we wonder the same thing but do it anyway.
People aren't in the definition of archivist. Only stuff (see SAA def)
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu included Bush (Scaldis) Peche Mel which was almost a drainpour, and 21st Amend Bitter American
I'm so excited for these Yelp Safari parties!!!! Hope I get in. ;)
No problem, thanks
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. ~ Paula Poundstone
iF your dreads look like you just got out da beach wit all dat dirty lookin shii n it.. YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
If I could use 150 letters to describe to you how awesome Avengers was i would. But alas I cannot. So just go. It's awesome.
If we only have one this year, who should be our all start? I'm thinking Butler or Moose.!
Ok, back to cake boss, Buddy says "lobster claw" is his wife's favorite, and it does look amazing. So try one and report back!
can u tell her to follow me it would mean the world to me
pleasure! & ty too. Good school went there myself 4 a while now daughters there. Good ol Lubbock. lol nice 2 meet u. God Bless
It's called TJ Oyster Bar
Thinks the format of the plenary might be broken.
Wow bout time
Hey that's on stage!
Breaking: Michelle Bachmann becomes Swiss citizen. Millions of Swiss to relocate to Belgium.
how do I get in touch with you?
how you get an A- at your internship at the radio station?
Big applause for Ohio repealing its collective bargaining law
when you plan to watch a movie but you can't find it so you just read messages.
Thanks for celebrating at the Milano Inn last night. Happy birthday!
If you think a girl is beautiful you should tell her
Less than 3% of the world's mantis population are atheists.
heading out for a run and breakfast. Preparation of a long day.
"Im gonna have a great day! For sure!"
I am now a Quickbooks ProAdvisor!!
hook up to external monitor
If your dad is Frank Serpe, he's one of the last true stand-up guys around. What a great dad. You should be proud.
There's my. Lady mad monster shout out to you sweeti. How have you been
if you're sick, please stay home..ugh
what video editing software did/do you use for your video interviews?
Someone please help me! I need help with getting my friend to not kill herself!! Shes been getting bullied n wants to kill herself!:( help!!
Follow me Tysoon x
had a great day watching my daughter perform on Main Street and went to my great uncle's 70th BDay party
HEY! If you like 1D please follow for funny One Direction tweets! We're a new twitter just getting started!
Not gonna lie I've hurt some people over time, but you, I don't even know what I did to you.
Workaholics never gets old.
Lyric love from our favorite photographer<3 RT: Kill your fake smiles, 'cause I'm climbing further than you'll ever reach.
Hard to explain an SAT trick in 140 chars. Will put tricks on the website soon, even better sign up for tutoring and I'll explain in person!
Don't know what Bradley's doing in the locker room at halftime, but if they're smart they've got a guy watching Michigan strategize on BTN.
lol not that im saying i disagree
Okay. Screw homework. I'll be editingg. (:
I miss seeing mi primo all the time and chillin with him
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd have everything I want and need and I wouldn't let you go <3
TY for including me in EmployeeAtty News!
If that was my luck there would be a small patch left xD
-nice to be missed. It was great to see you. See you tomorrow no doubt. Nice jacket :D
are you planning on going back to LA at all this year?
You just make me all warm inside c:
It's a Randy Rogers kinda night
I am very good myself (:
Happy 2012! Thank you and right back at you. Hugs. <3
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness. Poverty and wealth have both failed
Ive found my heart is lighter than ever, but it is also filled with you
I miss that show queer as folk I loved watching that show
Headed to I la Headed to inlaws with sick grand kids. What a hoot
RIP Levon Helm, Drummer, Vocalist & founder of The Band
What do coaches look for in a player? Don't just do one thing well, do many things well. goo.gl/U9ObJ
Good morning good people! It's "Make it happen" Monday! So I'm off to make it happen, chat witcha later:-)
MARK SANCHEZ IS TRASH
He said " i have a PHD, a pretty huge d..." wow ! Lmao
what are we doing? :)
Hm. The day after you get what you always wanted is a little confusing.
People be tripping
Well boohoo someone's using Twitter to stalk you from across country that ISN'T me! XD
my Rookie of the Year!!
love both of you!!!
pickin up my tonight- Tday prep has begun!
nice! perhaps flip it: #CAKEmeet. We're also playing around with #CAKE4biz and #CAKEpdx in our facebook discussion.
Downtown Abbey! A million thanks to for getting me started.
Did Romney say "Borrow money from your parents and start a business?" to the 3/4 of students who are on financial aid? WTH?!?!
looks like c-span ;)
That's the ish that drives me crazy!
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
involvement in world war 2. For america to sustain the excess of the post world war 2 years it has been involved in
Heartwarming, home cooked meals every day - have you tried our Bison meatloaf? M M.
Oh, i got plenty of Soul Kool Aid to hand out.
GODDAMNIT Y U PROTECT AWESOME TWEETS I CAN'T RETWEET
hahahaha! Id be sipping a bloody mary!
I'd suck the scales off of a King Cobra for this work day to end right now
RT the place to be at:) free mansions for everyone!:D
#in is attending Cloud Connect 2012 at Santa Clara
! Good Night Desde Sacramento, CA. ; ) !
Let's do this! Morning Monday!
A week later, the mustache died in a car accident. The same day as my father's birthday.
lol you must not have sensed the assload of sarcasm, I was not serious
I've been waiting all day, for you to call me baby! <3
Who loves to clean? :-)
how is life?
bro are we going to.shook house
RT : Will be tweeting live shortly!
ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around
miss you
Called into Gallery 3 because of a lizard on one of the paintings!
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed the talk. It was a pleasure to visit.
But never HIV positive. RT : Always be positive. :)
I rather cuddle than have sex o:)
I was listening. Outstanding performance. RT : Tune-in tonight at 7:30p to hear 's mesmerizing in-studio session!
Was a good run while it lasted. (sigh)
LOL! RT : Now where was this when I was in 5th grade and failing?
Student requests: More of 's Babymouse, Haddix series, & books about origami. I can do that!
Ehhh, I'll do it tomorrow
hm....is that all?
what's up dude
Ciroc peach= winning!!!!
After seeing the hotel this morning, I know one thing... Jersey people know how to have fun!
RT We will be selling Milwaukee Brewfest tickets. They are $40 AND they include one ticket to Germanfest July 30th 3-7pm
social media is killing you softly? We will start with a tumblr intervention ASAP
hmm... RT i need somebody to run wit tho. i hate runnin by myself. self motivation is so hard lol
Just met #Denver mayoral candidate so personable! And supporting clinica tepayac! Cast your vote!
Does anybody else find it incredibly ironic that they are called the New Orleans "Saints"?
#truestory A friend of mine was sent to the supermarket to get baking powder. She texted back "is bacon bits ok?"
The New Orleans Hornets are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the New Orleans Arena. Get tickets for this exciting game at: 888-493-0004
So much to do, so little time.
Spending the night at house
... and the word of the afternoon is incomparable
Tweeps, anyone have experience shipping a dog cross country? Tips? Suggestions?
Finally someone agrees with me!
All hell will break loose of we have a bullpen injury.
RT : "Women should know that sometimes a dress can change her life." -
#Thankyou ! We all love you
Happy Fourth of July to all Spurs fans - especially those who serve or have served our country.
LoL me and my friend are just texting eachother and asking if were potheads today. Go look up Ryan Higa's video "How To Spot A Pothead" :)
Let's go racin!
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1953 the Celtics beat the Nationals (111-105) in 4 overtimes to eliminate them from the playoffs.
Seriously disappointed with The Descendants.
she's an angel...when she's sleeping. :)
Ha! That's true. I do have a dog-child daughter already!
Someone once asked me, "are you a rockstar or an asshole?" My response: "What's the difference?"
NWS confirms a tornado did touch down yesterday in Elysian. It was an F0 with 80-85 MPH winds and went for 7 miles.
Wwe have a .997 fielding %? 1 error in 9 games? This won't last...
Wow! Ok, thanks!
Great view of Mars, Venus, and Jupiter tonight
Retailers looking to resell MirrorSleeves email us at
go Hurons....er
Thanks for the FF y'all. Even tho it's sunday lol
You should read the They gave me free tickets to Dave Matthews Band just for reading. Pretty sweet!
electability is taking the GOP nomination. A couple months ago that man was Herman Cain. We all know he wasn't all that electable
Don't mistake those with a pretty smile for someone with a beautiful heart.
so are you on peoplestring yet??? get paid for what you do online already! www.sendittomeokay.com
we're gonna have a great handshake. Just you wait.
dropped off suitcase, was in my place for 3 minutes, heading to bar now. Go #Caps!
If the more complex use case is mobile -- as it could well be -- then it makes to start with that use case.
Thanks, we will!
How was last night?
Thanks for taking care of my babies. :) Send a pic when you can. I miss them!
I am here office to meet Biz but door code is giving busy signal can you help?
Hittin the studio next week!
I look forward to it!
♣ shamROCK ON ♣ #stpatricksday #lucky ♣
Miami-bound for the 2012 Winter #Biometrics Summit. Expecting lively discussion and good weather.
S/o to my favorite bad girls yall the shit with no diapers follow these ladies they real Ass Hell
I think it's about time an Amber Alert gets put out on Crawford. Definitly on a milk carton.
received your newsletter in our inbox. Thank you!
xss test <script>alert('Hello World');</script>
RECORD BROKEN! We hit 82 degrees at PDX today, shattering the 30 year old record of 79. How did you spend this glorious April day?
#lsu the hat is living a charmed life. Lsu did not deserve to win
your hair is FABBBBBBBB
Thanks! That was the original plan, but must have a G+ account to enter the hangout. Guessing more HS students already have Skype.
Great now I can't sleep.
Yeah, yeah, the penguin got hungry, we had to go fishing. Man, polar bears are vicious!
"RSS feeds are NOT sexy!"-
I wish my face would like Lancome =( Its used 2 Estee Lauder but I need to use up all these Lancome products I have and my face dont like it
I wonder why I'm tired...
Only by 3 years :3, but Idk, just my nature is it, part of it is probably due to my not model looks :3
I ain't in this to play no dam games
Many believe that our nomenclature #omla signals we are protesting against #mla12. Is not the naming convention: activity-location?
Travis also said the B word yesterday in rehearsal
love you babygirl! ❤ text me if you need me :)
Smh I wouldn't have askd or gave u an invitation if I didn't want u to come
Coming down from a incredible event. Connected over 643 people to services in #rva. Thank you again and
Family Law Judge in Texas who repeatedly whipped his 16 year old daughter should be...Catch my thoughts tonight on Entertainment Tonight!
RT : Never had a laptop. I bought the iPad to proofread books and to use it as a second monitor when correcting them.
Congrats on a job well WON
I'm dead serious, I know so many people who have been like "Did you see that article on The Onion? That's messed up, man."
: I'm off to Germany/Paris til the 26th, contact Josh on our facebook for ordering, you guys are the best! is great!
Was driving eating a tuna sandwich and a large chunk of tuna salad fell into my shirt pocket. Didn't know until I pulled out my sunglasses.
luke-warm baths are so much more relaxing than ferociously hot ones.
Shout Out To E&J For No Fuckin Reason...
Just watched Fringe on Hulu Plus.
I only like toasted subs and subway does a poor job at that!
I hate when everyone's posting about a twitter fight and I miss out because I don't follow the people
When Someone talks to your crush >:O
And I don't know of a specific show, but check out in Riverwest!
#iDislikeItWhen People get mad cause you not chasing they ass
Good morning!! I'm about to go jogging!! I enjoy it much!! :)
He's done after this season. The new Illini AD will want to put his stamp on the program by picking the new head coach.
I knew it!!! You couldve at least washed it!
How to Be A Bad Ass Cop Episode 1 and 2 were Hilarious!!! :)
Morning everyone..busy day today. It's survey day, we'll talk baseball with Matt V. and Stephanie Sutton will be in the studio.
Tax rate inequity. That's REAL class warfare!
Austin Carter. Ok so you're going to do GREAT an extraordinary things in MIA. I pray that you succeed in any any everything
Whats the time limit two (or more) dudes can talk about hair products?
I just got butter flies over a boy!
Thanks im very grateful
Happy (belated) birthday to Pete Hernandez! Anyone else have a birthday coming up?
what was your topic?
I'm not sure who wrote this, but it is unacceptable and unprofessional. It won't happen again I promise.
I already know what you're up to. Making movies and being famous sucka. T is for teddy is awesome BTW.
It's cool to see people singing the "Star-Spangled Banner." :-)
Just saw the trailer for Black Ops 2, it looked so raw can't wait to get it.
Okay the Camaro ad was pretty good!
lol the funny part is watch bronco betty become the new barrell man haha
I have very warm feelings toward you, three-day weekend. This thing you and I are starting is going to be really special.
FRIDAY IS HERE!!!!
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly , first love it's irreplaceable and first heartbreaks are unforgettable .
It's Gonna be a 12+ hour day! Im just tryna graduate.
Seems to be a slight disconnect between our email notifications of 'mentions' and our ability to reply to you.
Air conditioning <333333333
IT'S A GOD IN ME
Great to meet you too. & I are BIG fans of your maker creations!!!
There isn't a moment of truth. The truth is already there, the moment is when we discover the truth.
Dinner and a movie or long walk on the beach?
"...it's like the Miami airport: a refugee camp with runways". Channel. LOVE this guy!!!
You should have heard them graduation night when i started playing some ADTR in the car. I think Jen about had a heart attack.
unless Tiana got an email, no. sorry :) -Abbie
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
I always like to smell good lol.
I just left. What stores did you go to?
Respond Back Lol.!
Love Me Love Me say your gonna love me!
James pukes, Wade craps and Bosh pisses when game on the line ...
Found them
Who's going to tomorrow?! <3 SO many amazing musicians playing. spread support.
yeah but even those songs have a completely different vibe from their earlier stuff, nothing like For those who have heart
well I bet you are a stud. Do you only run the 200?
#Smash not holding my interest, so far very disappointed. Too bad really like Debra Messing
#NACUA : Many institutions report having implemented hiring freezes to lower employment costs.
Anybody want to go to burrito bros today?
that is a lovely quote
Kobe doesn't look like he is going to last the entire game.
I wish I could play the theremin.
Fun opinion poll! Which is the best #Transformers #Voltron or
nice story! nice cupcakes! Right down the street!
What'd one ocean say to the other? Nothing, they just waved..SEA what I did there? Im SHORE you did BEACH..Yeah BUOY..WATER you laughing at?
John Hammond has a sad. :(
Our frindships are about to be tested
Well that was sufficiently awkward....
It's only 3?
Tampa Bay seems to be attracting top free agents, Miami Dolphins not so much! Who's to blame?
how long can i lease for 11 until i pay for the rest of it right ?
physical therapy it's str8 Still in tech school tho
By the way, a genius, or too on-the-nose, double feature would be a paring of THE BROTHERS BLOOM and THE DARJEELING LIMITED.
One more follower and I promise I'll go study....
Thanks for the warning!
yes I did.. And I thought I was obsessed with him
he has a spaulding look going! 50 bucks he eats it
you guys are dorks
Items is only available on Square for iPad at this time.
RT : Busy day today, but looking forward to hanging out at camp with this weekend. NO this Saturday night.
Totally ignoring the dress code the last month of school.
What's worse than putting 1 hot curly fri in your mouth? That's right putting two a hot curly fries in your mouth!
pear cardamom upside down cake and tiramisu complete. holiday rolls and artichoke spread up next.
good morning to you also...HI,
I would rather let all of my teeth fall out and die alone (probably buried in a pile of pets) than get another root canal,
Let's just say it's awkward at times.
Nice! RT : it's cool i won one awsome award from
desperate lonely one eyed hoes gotta have someone to hump.
+1 RT : I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him. Truly.
bout damn time
Never mistake activity for achievement.
if you want to do lunch, and I will be at sandy's...
Smh I'm sleepy!
Thx for the follow!
At the location where modern architecture died
yes-I may set up at state st and old world 3rd this weekend thanks
LMAO! I don't think so! =P
Just became the first game developer to play in #maddenbowl history. Thx and
Doug Sanders PGA, Guy is at houston metropolitan chamber golf tournament!
Looking for a great place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Next to Cheesecake Factory!
do you live far from the beach?
Tomorrow I start another term. Thank God for the straight A's. It must be Him. I'm not that smart.
That's what she said!!!!
Happy Mothers Gay
I'll give him that.
Abby gave that calendar to Michael before she died. She prepopulated "dates" in the New Year so he wouldn't forget.
omg I'm going too!
she said hey! :)
Hasn't even taken off his glove yet.
Joe might be able to use that for publicity. Hope he had some smelling salts and/or brandy on hand.
Just walked into to hear Margin Walker
Ok this really upsets me.
Thanks, Mitch!
Oh, right. is awesome. Too bad the BoR doesn't pay that! Gotta be < the BANK they're spending on D2L.
RT If you can't deal with a #Cancer's mood swings then you don't deserve their love.
put him in a body bag Johnny
- You should thank him for being such a loyal fan and supporting your film.
The vow is on demand n.n guess what I'm watching tonight? <33
Haha yes :] 82 and 93. The greatest women ever. They hold my heart! :D <3 It's going to be just Lovely :]] What R your plans?
Yes. And here's the discussion we should be having around that news.
"Remember... We used to finger each other down behind the board??"
Of course! You go girl! And of course, anything for Ashley's lovely sister with a great name! :)
Daddy Ray is back in the USA. : )
to steal one of your gimmicks
God made coke; He made pepsi. God made me; oh so sexy. God made river; He made lake. God made u; well, we all make mistakes.
No I agree except that Morgan was walking away, yes he was jawing at Carpenter, but he was walking away..until Pujols got involved.
You a Freeeakk! Lol Ion even know what to say to that haha :)
Cash for Hot Tubs. You guys always have the best ideas.
Should have mixed it with Cointreau from the liquor cabinet.
haha common now...
- between those guys and Ruby Developers, it's like trying to find a good movie with Ryan Reynolds in it.
I'm so tired of being thirsty smh.. N I don't drink soda no more so my nerves Messed up..
Music has been my mother...
Fried chicken dredged in paprika and cayenne flour, sprussel brouts (hee hee) in butter and Canadian (grade B) amber syrup and Basmati rice!
. wants a creative local to curate a monthly art exhibit in their entryway! Email for details.
Why am I like invisible.?
its a few fam lol #oneofmyfollowers came out of nowhere with it smh
Dancing With The Stars tomorrow! Excited to see Carrie Underwood perform live :)
That was fun(:
And we look forward to it!
more tired than ever rite now...work 5-2 then home for a long nap. -_-
Even the most misery bastard can crack.
(15-24) 62.5% from the free-throw line won’t get it done
what's wrong with the winky faces;) haha.?!
Good morning. On my way to Chelsea. ;)
I love to dance! :)
New blog coming soon! Don't miss the best of the best daily deals today!
wazzup want chriatian to go to your county/state/city? go on facebook click on #where's Christian and post were you are its simple!
Hope everyone is keeping it safe for St. Patrick's Day
It's my guess that we (fellow Twitter people) share similar tastes in rock music like Bon Jovi, Springsteen & Aerosmith. Rock on ;)
Thank You for the support. RT : thanks for a great season, we will get them next year
Big game vs the orioles right now. Dont see them again until the end of July
Alcoholism Statistics Advisor Is Appointed by Down To Earth Video Ltd.
you sing a crappy song on KISS FM Can I get a RT??
Ding ding ding!!
bad avocado but i'll eat it anyway
oh wow. directionator
Looking into getting a new jogging stroller...
not. a. bad. idea.
It wasn't that he left, Bro. Martin, it was that he chose to do it for an hour on TV. While the whole world watched!!
I hated 3rd rock too. Glad I wasn't the only one. ;)
I'm trying to pee, and bailey keeps banging on the door. And now shes playing with my underpants.
awesome! I'm picking up wicked lovely today and- I am going to books for the beast! You?
Michel Gondry unveils indie film 'The We And The I' trailer - watch: High school graduates ride the bus one last time in the new Mich...
i called finical aid at buff state and they told me tuition is a lil over 3000 and that i have more then enough and if i wnna
avatar reminds me of ferngully. to me this is a good thing.
A parent compliment goes a long way. Thanks Annie T. from California, we're glad your son loves his #Trumpet!
“Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.”
hate to see the price on an authentic. YIKES!
join the club loll
Interviewer : "What's the mean thing you've ever done?" Liam : "I didn't say 'bless you' after someone sneezed"..
People who break your heart are not worth trying to get back because they could just break your heart again
49er Pro Blow Safety Dashon Goldson was not taught how to tackle in HS, College nor the NFL, he was taught how to tackle in the 6th grade.
Congrats on the MANDI award! Well deserved honor 4 such a wonderful project!
thanks for the great night at WinStar! You guys rock.
plus, there is patio seating. :)
It's a mai tai type of day.
thanks for the #FF shout out :)
Chris had to clean her house for a week to be allowed to sing with her. Poor guy.
And im on that Bull shit these bitches call me Micheal....Jordan,If it ain't about the money then that shit is not important
Too bad. Hope our paths will cross sometime soon.
thank you!
If that's the case, then I assume thinks Philip Humberto is the best pitcher in
email is all wacked out homi, check the soundcloud and let me know which ones you like, ill enable downloading on them for you
Despite everything that's happened to you within the last couple of years, you came back with a come back, music. I adore you.
Wichita! You?
one for the newsroom, one for me.
TRAFFIC ALERT - President Obama to speak at Washington Lee High School Arlington, VA around noon tomorrow
Is it time to sell the bulletproof Pentax 35mm camera I've had since I was 12? Will I ever mess with film again?
Level 4 leaders: what's in it for them. Level 5 leaders channel their ego, drive, etc., into company - gr8er than self
Are the teachers of those classes on twitter? You've been so lovely to answer my questions!
“: I read my own palm today. It said it was going to slap you! #AMPED”ha!
The Black Cactus!
Only you, only you, you know
Sir Michael Rocks.
I had a great time last night at the LatinTrends 2012 Kick Off Party! I met alot of great people!!!
haha how could we forget beer!
Were going to be rocking the stage tonight at crossroads of Douglasville, Georgia! Who will be there?? #let'sGO
Slow night, huh! I have nothing monumental regarding follow-up accept for the automated (custom) thanks email
I miss #LINSANITY from a couple weeks ago..... Thanks a lot for messing that up #Carmelo !
I just sent you a facebook message with the deets. In Paris with AK. It's excellent.
all I do at work anymore is read email. I wanna weed some books!!
In other #SportingKC blogger related news, will be taking over "The Daily Wiz."
That's the sexiest disease I know. Aside from Ewan Mcgregor-related typhoid.
"The function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable." - John Kenneth Galbraith
What are your Armory Art Week plans on this beautiful week? Art is in the air... and we are participating in a gallery walk thursday 6-8pm!
I think w/ the money I spent at the buckle.. I could now own buckle stock.
agree, it was somewhat warm and humid this morning. Run in the woods is easier.
Google Glass?
what's your email again
I'm loving that answer
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dwight Richards ⁰Rising 12th ⁰Fort Wayne, IN ⁰Travel Team: Martins Wolverines ⁰Small forward 6’6
Go follow for a chance to win !
I don't understand it lol but being nice to ppl here doesn't seem to work
Sad for all non-heterosexual people in North Carolina, you will have victory over religious bigotry one day
Thanks for the #FF mention yesterday, Debbie.
'HAPPY NEW YEAR NICK', MAY THE NEW YEAR BE DELIGHTFUL AND BLESSED... HNY! *(*.
I'm might wanna buy one of these away jerseys this year. Kinda classic looking.
leggoooo we gettin smacked right now. But we all kno what happens where we're down by 14.
bye bf txt me
do you think supreme is a weird name
I am happy to be an alumni of Howard University!
Joey's officially out of school and headed for Kindergarten next year! :)
Practice makes perfect.
So apperently if girls are taking birth control pills, if you were to completely stop taking the pills you can lose weight faster :o
Ever spend an hour just talking about porn? I have. Be jealous of my intellect.
I agreed to For Better Or Worse, not to miniatures being played in my basement.
Had a dream about TWC soccer practice.
have a great day!
I tweeted the link for the commercial. Check it.
oh there are so many! Probably and tweepi
He always got sumn to say
So bummed I have to work today -- the #ATOC is going to be riding 2 blocks away from my apartment in just a few minutes.
would you like to play in the NFL?
keep in mind I was lovingly called the sign nazi by my colleagues...
Today. It's a good day.
I KNOW! LOL. That's what I mean! I'm all OKC. Haha.
send your address.
We often tell people what we do as we see it (sales pitch) rather than explain what we do as our clients experience it (testimonial).
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Why do people get mad at others when their broke? I can't help I did the right things in life to land me were I am. Do better.
almost positive we'll be taking that room but I'll see my parents tonight so I'll double check! Can't wait x
thanks for the plug!
Listening to a 'Solo Piano' Pandora station. It's great for studying and sleepiness. #mutuallyexclusive?
ey, that's miss Carr to you.
Self-esteem is a sickness if it gives me approval for good acts but condemns me if I fail. ~ Albert Ellis
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali. #AAHHE and LA bound in the morn!
Sow was once Prime Minister but was thrown out by Wade. He set his own party and today he is President because promised a different Senegal.
I had my doze of LAUGHTER for today ...time to face the stressful world! Ugh
Two of my followers just need to admit they like each other and stop being immature about it.
haha trust me justin were more than wildd..;)<3
Much better.
ha! my time is coming, I'm sure of it
Good night sweetie. Sleep well. ;)
hey Rich it's Joe Tong. Just thought I'd say hello and see how you been?
RT A4 Spaghetti carbonara Who wouldn't want to be surrounded by fellow bacon pasta & cheese in silky egg coating
Film #the_Rabbit_Theory, selected for another great #Film_Festival, soon more info. Check the trailer out on youtube...
Egg sandwich
is such a good #example! Hes gonna be a great #missionary! I just saw him enter the #mtc!
Google is coming out with augmented reality glasses #sxiqexpand Question from Lev Grossman will we be judged by our interactions
the next time Eye come home.... It's a go! Will keep y'all posted.
Got all expense-paid trip to Cabo. Any takers? Miss Piggy?
I'm amazing and newly single. Couldn't be happier!
Reminder to self: Sit in left field when Willingham is in #Twins lineup.
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
That is why I don't believe in reality.
I'm sleepy bro, I'm getting old.
Here is a fun one, tell me what do you think is the funniest poker tell that you have noticed someone do at the poker table?
RT : Watch #CelebrityApprentice playing for Txt CLAY to 50555 make $10 donation & be part!
sounds like u
Congrats on the roll-out. Super excited to be a part of the team working with
Modern air conditioning ruined Hawaii's architecture.
this sounds like one of those porn movies lmao xD
avi sick were the picture come from m.jordan look wasted
Nice process post on long boards from Mike Hoping they'll do a calendar next, check out that last img;)
...worship can never be a performance, something you’re pretending or putting on. It's got to be an overflow of your heart..." -Matt Redman
the funny thing about facebook is you can talk about one person and it makes 20 others think it's about them
Motorola is reviewing inside v outside spend by practice area and creating strategies to reduce costs.
MODELING AGENCY, ARTIST DEVELOPMENT, SPECIAL EVENT PRODUCTION, PUBLICITY CONSULTATION: ALL in 1->>> TKO ENTERTAINMENT---> add
we were very close. we listened to the same old music, had the same terrible sense of humor, and even looked alike.
I really really really hate my hair.
You should still miss Ami. That's why we feel.
I have heard you need to watch several shows and then it gets much better. I stopped after two. Painfully boring
<<<Thanks for following Miami Entertainment Law Group!!
no no missy...not for you!
you wear it well, like it!
hahaha come in and see her in the morning!
they tryin they best to shine ☀ they tryin they best to take off ✈
how are u doing?
Happy Mothers Day (:
Lmao,nope not yet he was busy, im gonna try again today. Its so hilarious how we walk out to get the mail and its like,oh hello
That pic oddly doesn't include burning cars and looted store fronts RT : <------------
sup ma'am it's been a longtime... how are yoou doing???
preciate it homie.. Thank you & ya I can only stay positive
": Not talking to you kills me."
If #tablet research suggests most people use alone, how do you feel it will affect dating habits?
follow me plz
posts great tips that jive right along with tips! Great help from a
Today is too much already. Too much pressure :(
nope not yet still can't find nothing
I'm thinking a sick day is in my future this week. Along with some sun and a cocktail. I just spent 17 of the last 24 hours driving.
ooh, i spy a crepe (my newest bff!)
GivingThanks: Family, work, friends, health. Hope for world peace, no whiners, more integrity, return of kindness/courtesy. Read more books.
& everything she got , best believe she bought it !
some days are lost before they even start.
One man with courage makes a majority....
It's never been easier to make cash online!
A wise person once said knowledge and caring without action are worth nothing. It's not enough to know, you must do!
I just saw two people trying to herd a raccoon off of 10th Ave
Matt doesn't like beets!!?? Robert! This is crazy!
Did we mention the presence of a BIG NAME Hollywood A-lister on our stage tomorrow night? Here's a hint: Who is Keyser Söze?
We are able to produce anything from Posters in 1 Day to 64 page Magazine in 3-5 days.
You can always see the character of the man by the woman he chooses.
im down for anything unc related....
That's not a slip up. She believes Trayvon was murdered. Else, she wouldn't be charging him with murder.
Wants to sleep, but can't...
Next #OOMF tht tweets about haters as motivation for success is getting unfollowed..
I'm excited for the tour diary..their behind the scenes stuff is always entertaining : )
I called yo ass 3 times today!“: where the f is my sister. I am my sisters keeper”
Seen overabundance of spam emails about viagra & pleasing my woman with my sweet girth. I wonder if someone is trying to tell me something?
I'm listening to a mix with By The Way in it on my toolbar..
music is my life
I def need it framed, but have to wait til I get back from Africa. I'll be in touch.
cool....I am selling some of my "dogs" today and buying a few shares......
ALL OF THEM.
Um, I hear Backstreet Boys right now. At work. Am I hallucinating? Am I back in 2000ish? Help.
I don't think you'll ha e a problem winning. ;)
": Most 90's cartoons sucked.. #SorryNotSorry" are you crazy
hahahaha hell yeah F ing right :D
its hot a/f
Here comes the wind, ick.
That is a well-deserved success. Whispers in the Dark is wonderful & I couldn't put it down.
“: #NowFollowing” following back (:
RT : Congrats to Great job by such a special player.
Do you like discounts and #deals when you shop local? Then you need a key tag! Wherever you go, discover and save!
AS IF AS IF AS IF CUT UR HAIR.
If zombies could smoke, i bet they would smoke Cohibas...
Tutu time is destined to be a hot ass mess if my dear friends keep having karaoke birthdays.
At a Federal Games meeting. Discussing human subjects research law as it applies to avatars in virtual worlds.
Can't wait to join the class next week!
please god no. i don't want tebow.
Watching Jack and Marty go back and forth is a real treat. These are two amazing
Fa sho. And yea arguing sux
RT : Each of us has a flickering flame of truth in the center of us. We just know what is right and true for us. :)
I'm home on a saturday night....SMH
Good to see the pirates get a win in 12 innings. That's 1.25 games. Extrapolated out, that's a better record than .500!
If this old bitch in my class doesn't stop correcting everyone I'm gonna start getting nasty. Don't make me
this is fucking bullshit. i'm so pissed off.
#assnchat Looks very interesting and will try to be on schedule next time!
Thanks!! Cas is back tonight!
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
Dear #WilliamKaufman would love to see #JohnnyStrong in a remake of the 1986 Heat (BurtReynolds)
You have been followed! ahaha
"I wish I could meet I think I got the fever!" -
Thanks to our attendees for staying until the bitter(sweet) end of #loex2011 to see our presentation on digital wisdom! Safe travels, all.
but i've watched the entire series like, 6 times. might have to do it again thoooo. good POINT.
no worries man .... By the way u should love ur hairy legs !
real good
Seems I'm now Mayor of Kulturez on foursquare. No idea what significance that has but yeah I guess it's kinda dope. =P <3
im tierd i love everyoine sorry i wasnt talkin but im at the libary and people keep staring at me but i love ya all <3 te amo
Where do you #donate and why there?
that's prob one the coldest comments I've ever received 
Even though it's only 11:04 here, it's after midnight in Indy. Happy #2012!
apple is my sleeper. I think it has a chance
they got lucky
i aint got time to waste
I agree...maybe tomorrow??
goodmorning everyone, what's everyone up to ?
DT this weekend
We would like to thank all of you who have supported us for #2011. We really appreciate it and we will see you in #2012! Have a great night!
And thank you for the follow back! Appreciate it!
What a shock. Denver knocks out the Steelers on first play of overtime. Not the same with the Steelers on the outs. But on any given Sunday.
Two words: BUBBLE GUTS!
See you all tonight at Kork for St. Patrick's festivities!
Going to choir rehearsal
WHO RECORDED #SAYSOMETHIN ????!!!??!1 I NEED IT!!!
#Friday! Another week in the books, time for everyone in #SouthFlorida to take a break. Before you do, call 877-244-9913 and order today!
Thanks for teaching me so much about social media features! I am so glad to meet u!! This is the greatest weekend ever!!
RT : We are in Greenwood TONIGHT. Ashley Furniture Parking lot. Come get a hot slice for dinner!
just think back
you just made me do the same...that stuff is contagious...lol
you're making me jealous with all of those schmexy cars.
Wow, what a finish this has turned out to be.
Really gearing up to hopefully hit 400 followers real soon...well...actually 100 followers and 300 porn-bots.
I'm in love with a fairytale... Cause I don't care if I lose my mind, I'm already cursed. ♥
It is almost cake time .. yummy :)
LETS GO RANGERS!!! WOO!!
thank you girl!!! :)
Just touched down in Pomona! I'm @ 'Nastie Garage'! A HONDA Performance Shop! Preparing to put my Civic thru transformation! It's on! ;-)
Funny thing about Rush is he was pulled over waiting for the stop sign to turn green.
wow Leiter just mentioned Kelly Stinett..completely forgot about him
Darrell Hammond!!!!!!! The Donald!!!!
Hey everyone, are you tired of living down in the dumps? Well you dont have to anymore! Let us share our knowledge with you so you can DREAM
": Ladies Are you ready to see my bro's at WebsterHall!!!" Hell Yeah Lol Can't Wait !
ok I have to do a paper I will call you when I get out of my last class
Bobble heads? That is so lame.
“: Brad Paisley trades in the cowboy hat for a beanie #ACMs”
MY CAR WAS TOWED! Ah!!
I wish Jack Davey and Brook did an LP of just rhymes+beats. She got flows!
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Thanks ! That means a lot! You're a talented lad.
HaHa good one!! Like that one :)
not really interesting! but you are so nice :]] YAY! xoxo
Making regrets is not what I do.
Knicks need a slashing/dishing PG. See how many times Toney Douglas goes into the paint in a game. Once at best.
Teaching Jen how to tweet :D
VERY good stuff and what a shame about ShoreBank. Thanks for keeping us informed. Say 'hi' to Sean B from UNCA.
um excuse me, i was listening to this song when i read this.
Getting Started with Affiliate Marketing in 6 Easy Steps
Stfu u stupid ass. nobody likes an attention whore. smh
ugh. just got mine in the mail, too.
Florida beer Swamp Ape. Every swig tastes different.
Did something I'd never do for anyone else today lol
Black Veil Sexy
ok, THIS is hilarious!!!! Laughing.
The neighbors are blasting their mexican music...
Glad to hear you are feeling great about your decision! I miss your Tweets. Don't forget us! :)
I'm gonna stair at the wall because I'm like so cool.
i wish would wake up
Same old shit just a different day!
uh oh boi is you flamin?
Still no way I had the double Bacon from and that was huge, so 5 patties you're crazy LOL
Time for 1st Amendment funeral Park. Come join #Occupyburque now! We march @ 11am! Wear black.
Yeah, I knew there were a lot! Just curious, attempting to wait patiently ;) Good luck deciding, I know it'll be hard!
bcuz of the(lack of) info,the show it was in,or cuz of the story
Bay for sure!! His contract was double Wade's. Bay biggest sports bust contract of the last 5yrs. Albert Haynesworth as well.
didn't know about it... who to contact?
Musée enjoyed the AIPAD Show & ran into Peter Zerva.He is a huge fan of our publication.Cheers to the AIPAD Show & Thanku Peter!
RT : Tiger should've at least posted 12 under. Putter betrayed him again. STILL not 1 come-from-behind major.
HUGE 3 pointer to finish the half! Cards up on Michigan St. 23-18! GO CARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I know u were :) photos info all soon
What should go onto our #Brewers pizza?!
All 18 Chaminade fans in the crowd are going nuts right now.
They say Taylor was a good girl, never want to be late, complain, express ideas in her brain
how was LA tho?
And the day takes a huge upturn towards the very end. Let's go
Omg i hate this
Lmao. All night. (; RT : you know if you werent yourself and you were somebody else you'd tap that ;)
I tried to show u that shit when we were dating, and u were like that shits stupid. Lol
finished THE SONG OF ACHILLES by SO GOOD!
looking forward to the coverage of with playing at the house of blues boston this friday!
Shit thats messed up i would have took that day off but fuck it the man has to make that bread right! Im sure you will fig it out
It's Theater Night at , sponsored by ! Join us at for #karaoke!
Being single doesn�t mean no one wants you. It means you�re taking your time deciding about your life and who you want to spend it with.
espresso book machine 2.0 - POD/POD, hm...
This dude is telling me he spent time at an institution called "The Old Mental Vineyard"
We got that 1D telepathy lol :-)
On the 950: no Junkie today - NPR News Special on Obama's deficit speech instead. Maybe a secret trivia question.
Girl: Why she don't have to wait on line? Me: Bi*** Jump off my Racks on Racks on Racks!
a plane ride and 5 hours
no problem :)
You>Sarah Phillips, ESPN >>B/R. Sorry RT: : Unlike Sarah Phillips I am verifiably real & have never scammed a soul. B/r > ESPN?
Republicans want Dem Senators to cross the border back into WI. Do you want stricter border security or not??? Make up your minds!
i think ill look for a job now...dam
dont feel bad its funny
I sometimes wonder when should I just contact and terminate a dead-weight project? 8-12 weeks?
"Tell me who you slept with." Me "NO! He was an accident. TWICE. Let's just call him 'double oops.'" Night out
Wings Retaliate with goal by Merrill in the closing minutes of the first quarter.
Hey all you ALICE fans! What's your all time FAVORITE quote from Lewis Carroll's oh so wonderful #AliceinWonderland books?
yeah he gon have do a lot of work in the offseason
Just 30 min left in this weeks contest.
Wow just finished listening to jayz version of bump bump bump wthhh!! Lol.
Food Fact of the Day:April 24, 1914 Justin Wilson, Cajun chef and humorist was born. Best known as the host of 'Louisiana Cookin'.'
8yr old Katie Sadlon: "You need better games on your phone. I'm gonna check the app store and see if I can help you with that." :)
I knew you would love that quote!
Yayy :D bb got the job. Now he can take me out on dates & buy me food <3 lol
At the #park bout to get this #jog in before a very long meeting today.
it's awesome!!!
Right! I just got out of the movie and I loved it!
“: Waiting on my chicken tenders, yum yum yum.” I'm tempted to eat them :X
For my #NCISLA friends: looks like the trend for tonight is #CallenvsChameleon (:
Help my roommates and I settle an argument ! RT if it was CHLOE who previously did the brides piece!
Outdoors Calendar for May 4
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Great film subjects! ": Off day film study.... Jerome brown,reggie white, and john randle #badmen"
Nothing looks the same and everything reminds me of
I stood the last two minutes of that game. The #thunder are so easy to cheer for and let's be honest, we don't see crowds like that in MKE.
At Sonic Then Starbucks Later With My Mommy <3
Your hunch may be correct. Maine lacks life on his fastball and confidence in himself. Maybe he needs a minor-league stint.
Money Saving Tip #30: Give a gift of a service instead of an item.
Wow denver you now have mexican delivery call today and stay out of the rain! picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo 303-999-0785
That's Seattle hop-hop. A but above. RT The word Bitch is always wack.
Bet that was a great show!
Dunkin Donuts mentioned again: - RT oreo milkshakes from dunkin donuts &gt;&gt;&gt;
stop tweeting and I'll stop cause I'm trying to sleep!!
PodCast ready to go..::: Details soon:***^^^
im starting my story again!! :)
Yes! 10minutes away on !
Bridesmaids was great comedy. Definitely a rave.
Yea bitch I smell like weed, quit fuckin starin at me b4 I get ur kid high
IM TIRED GOODNIGHT GREAT CONCERT TONIGHT
Cool dude! Wish I could have been there!
Gettin hungry. Guess I'll play some #Esthero, shower, & make me & my hungover-honey some breakfast
Sorry, dude. Keep pushing!
RT If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.
Spelling errors in my tweets make me cringe.
haha thanks its totally awesome :D p.s. i like yours too XP
Something about driving the new-to-me to work this morning gave me a new found confidence.
Final 3 days of Sectional Sale! Sale ends April 1st!
"She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white" --KT Tunstall--Suddenly I see
Just left Earth. Surrounded by busted-broads......
Really taking an HONEST look at all the things I'm doing and WHY I'm doing it... Stress can be eliminated by getting my priorities straight!
Looking for PT/FT work. 10 years CSR Experience. Proficently Utilized SAP/Microsoft Office Systems Daily. Chicagoland area.
At #craftriot today in #Austin! Handmade items of all kinds! Support #Texas #smallbusiness!
Jon et al, I will join your Talkbiznow webinar tomorrow, thanks for invite!
do tell
Of course!
Wahoo for the Not-for-Profit! Bring it ON!
Good Luck to All #TedxYouth day events happening today around the world! We will be Livestreaming tomorrow starting at 6:30 pm ET
Thanks for following, and yes, what if every electron in the universe was all the same exact particle? Would that be God?
Aw, man... so, you're saying that I have to start coming to work again? Is it safe?
When I'm on 1 of these shows I promise to make-out with any & all hot celebs in the studio. #keywordHOT Also I'll be funny.
When you start to get close to someone just before it's time to say goodbye and go on your separate ways<<<<
Fanbase would certainly approve. RT : Todd McShay's latest mock draft has Russell Wilson going to the Packers in the 4th round.
If no one hears from me or in atleast 10 min, call 911 to proctor. At some field. Thanks.
wish me luck on my drama exam today? I'm gonna need it:') xx
I really don't wanna sit through this service, I would much rather be asleep
Alright City of Praise AAU Basket ball team. They brought home the W!!!
bring me home some beads ;)
will do i might come this weekend if i don't work gotta get my dog from my brother
The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
wow he seems cute ur cat crazy :O
what's up !
Bwaha! That's great! I think their should be more MCs who get the flu, sneeze a lot, etc.
So glad it's #Friday! So excited for all the fun things happening this #weekend!! :)
is it? Still says by invitation only
VIDEO - "Oglądaj TV"
is about to take Willie Nelson's advice, because I'm getting "On the Road Again."
S/O to my Asian friend from Canada :)
niggas know if they dont then they bitch does
Thursday, new songs in the works. Have to get through my job first though........
This biweekly happening is to dedicated coupon clippers what the full moon was to Druids.
Goodnite Twitter! (: Hope to have more followers in the morning. I follow back! (: <3
#ThingsIwantTheMost A girl that doesn't screw me over in the end
no cavities! now i can go to australia
okay? i've seriously been excited for this since i was in 6th grade for 's junior prom.
I personally loved 's performance tonight, I think he did amazing! But that's just my opinion. I love you Pip.<3
Just a little too late I guess...
Chicken! He he. They're leading 25-24 at end of 1st quarter.
so you think i won then? ;)
Today's date, 1869 at 12:47 p.m., something really happened in Utah: east and west were connected by rail!
I'm totally playing Bingo tonight.
#TheAmazingRace Finale!! Can't wait!
"You must grab social media by the balls."
Because I'm pre-ordering at the concert!
take me down, oh yeah, spin me round
thank you buddy!
#PaulyDPregame so excited to watch it!!!
it's abominable
If only that book wasn't so good, I would have had time for breakfast and would not have had bad coffee and deliciously bad donuts!
On the way back from Philly, AGAIN. That's a total of 9 hrs driving (rush hr yesterday) for a total of 15 minutes of auditions. My poor car.
did you get the invite for Weds nite Women in Technology on FB? Feel free to bring others if you can come...
Nutella and Vanilla wafers=Happiest girl ever (:
congrats on being on the "Best places to work" list from !!
Determined to actually be productive today
#peopleiveseenlive High School Musical, Hilary Duff, The Jonas Brothers, Cheetah Girls, yeah I'm cool (; Paul McCartney and Justin Bieber <3
Don't let a pretty face drag you into an ugly world if you let a pretty face drag you into a beautiful world you must have found heaven.
Just so you know RT : Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
im saying that ur those kind of girls who are into sports
If you add, "we will just go to ice cream without you," children become geniuses.
On Sat 1/7 the talented & extraordinary Party Of Three, accompanied by Tom Shaw Trio, will perform at Martuni's in SF 7-8:30pm! $7 cover.
“: I will be working before the next budget meeting on amendment to extend TANF benefits.” please don't.
Dry Run of the studio- Thursday at 7 pm- 5/8/2011
is goin ham tonight
I'm not worried about your mom & dad boyfriend/fiance brother or sisters. It's your fat friends & Chris Hanson who scare me.
Do it!
Sports talk radio drives me nuts. I'm thinking, shut up and let's play!
I got you sis
Ha hey Im playin burrito Bison
writing a chorus is so easy but its just what picture will it paint in the eyes of fans
Let's go
First snow of the year in Flagstaff..and the clouds look apocalyptic.
It's too early in the day to be killing princes.
how does dealing for a casino give you the experience to work for an insurance company?
Richard J. A. Talbert F'00 delivers public lecture tonight on Peutinger map of Roman roads & influence on cartography
heart melt RT : The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother via
Oh yeah Indiana is taking on the
Didn't catch a #PDXPlan Fair? Take a survey & tell us what u think re: edu., jobs/eco. & healthy neigh'hds www.pdxplan.com
no I'm busy all Saturday
Don't know what I did to earn a love like this, but baby I must be doing something right.
for Monday's "fieldtrip", im going to visit 'South Pointe' University 
dont worry fans i still have AutographTickets Avail. Purchase them tomorrow from 4-7pm est! GO CATS!
You must be a delight to hang around.
everybody check out my songs this cd is destined for greatness
Genetics and medical history are extremely important. Adoptees don’t have this information. Get the answers by finding your birth mother.
For a quick snack, mix a can of tuna with pickle relish and mustard then spread on wheat bread with a slice of lite Swiss cheese..delicious.
"There's a way to do it better—find it." (Thomas Edison)
Aww darlin, I miss you too. Hang in there. The girlfriends will come... just with entirely too much time :-/
Why do so many people think it's fine to carry on loud cell convos in public places? The world isn't your reality TV show. No one cares.
I just watched President Obama slow-jamming the news on Fallon last night, and then returned attention to the Ohio House...and cried.
Okay thanks. I somehow ended up on a page that said it was over. :(
People are having better experiences on mobile UI and transferring that experience back to the desktop.
....and you have an awesome day yourself. Peace.
love it! Learning lots, getting inspired.
Thanks for making my b-day special. See you soon!
yo so tweet!!!
you'd be shocked! People also forget that Walt Frazier killed it!
sorry I read that wrong. Do you want the band to call you?
I'll grab a couple on my way back. It's rather well lit...
We are planning for an awesome summer on the compound with the ladies of Remnant and our friends in Gulu!
We are energized. We are powerful. We are ready to learn and share our knowledge with others, both in 2012 elections & year-round.
Thanks for connecting and the mention! (Boy, way behind on my response!) Enjoying your Twitter updates!
Tweet me if you live in Ohio !!
RT : $$$ over equality, unfortunately. <- Agree that's reality. How do we change it?
I don't give a fuck, keep giving me 10 hour shifts the money is worth it
I find Peyton to be such an amazing rapper because unlike others he is original. His lyrics actually have a meaning to them
Once the bandwagon starts, buy-in is so easy because of the ease of interaction and character limits.
Everything is now on the accountant's desk, so everything but the signatures (and check...) are left to worry about.
enraging! I can't tell you how many times I've been at a bar with the big glowing Honey Brown sign and they didn't have any.
"We aint gon always c eye 2 eye so compromise, and I just want you hold me down three sixty-five"
Mama G needs gear! :)
we re working on it more this week! Just you wait!
No(: ": Get Started Today $230+ Today, Using Twitter 100% FREE To Join! www.GreatCareerPath [.Info]"
2007 Chevriot CA Pinot Noir $12 was pretty darn good. Heavy red cherry aromas, smells kinda dusty, lively on tongue, nice finish going down
Officially a #lin fan.... #NBA Go #Knicks!!
thank you so much.
Shout out for Creative Commons licensing!
I die laughing every time I see Dirk Diggler sing "The Touch" in Boogie Nights.
But let me shut the fuck up and keep checking my emails as I watch the ID Channel. I need to go to ID CHANNEL REHAB too shit
It's a fun show! Just know that it's not like his street magic since it's on the stage :)
happy birthday from your biggest fan ever I hope that you have had a great one and will continue to have a great one ~iloveyou~
Khalil Richard Powell is born.
a lot of post production houses, Sirius XM etc...
damn nic you gained your followers back fast
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 2):
Holidays R around the corner..time to get the house looking good with new floors!!!
who is the 2nd best player on the bulls?
Fuckin FAIL. That shit was embarrassing.
lol RT seeing you the other day (: >>>>
Watchin the substitute &the new york team is a school like 15mins away from me lol ik a kid who goes there
True. There are a lot of talented artists who could benefit from those programs if they were within reach financially.
welcome to Twitter!
If eating 2 nights in a row at is wrong, I don't wanna be right :) Bones Brew & Ribs anyone?
Congrats!! RT : Big change to announce! I'm joining 's Digital Comm team at as Digital Content Strategist.
#ChicagonistaLive & are always looking for best places + events to attend and cover. They welcome hot tips and suggestions!
"Public services still provide opportunity for common good." - Hedges
gook luck and congrats! Bring some rebellion to TV!
Great choice! My favorite Beach Boys song.
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies. You make me happy everyday i see you.<3
Ok thanks!
Great information on the #agencystate webinar with Some good takeaways and areas we need to take a closer look at.
Tampilan baru mobile twitter.. just knew :D
Wow. If you wear a tight shirt, you wouldn't believe how many guys help you bag your groceries. Didn't think I was being that risque.
Great Networking Tonite at ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown.Entertainment Industry Meeting 8-10 w/ Attorney Ward White & Guest Panelists&Party After
Behind the phony tinsel of Hollywood lies the real tinsel.
More good news! has raised $385, $560, $310 & $489! Spread the word!
Zynga And Online Gambling: Not An Option - Seeking Alpha
That dope ass idea I Just came up with for my next tat I'm.such a genius
We'll take it every time!
Jared Sullinger was average in the biggest game of his life.
Truth~~~~~~>RT : if a nigga has bad shoes...he just stink, period lol
My dad is at the kasbah....him and his motorcycle club!
I get chills everytime I click continue on Uncharted Drake's Fortune because of the music AMAZING
won all his writer awards during the steroid era...should come with an asterisk*
How was your trip?
be tryna hook me uo wit the ugliest girls lol
thanks for coming out!!!
In Going To Take It Slow This Time.
Spaghetti Dinner Fundraiser Location:Fayette Plateau Vo-Tech Center Time:11:00AM Saturday, August 28th
#agirldeserves Good Love Rocken knocken Boots All Night Long
we wish you would have been there too! Maybe next year.....
I guess I'm more a follower than I realized.
ask your dentist but I bet local is okay and they'll know about delaying wisdom teeth removal
Loffler Takes Leadership Role in Client Support of Canon uniFLOW v5.1 Fleet Management Solution
yea right well Real Madrid has more than barca
great job! Hope my next half is that speedy!
loved it! thk u! RT : Hope you saw and us on !
for sure. I've been good bro, just graduated from Mizzou, so I'm home now! How have you been?
Your main tweeter is In case you were wondering. It's nice to know who you're talking to, right? :)
“Mental toughness is essential to success.” ~Vince Lombardi
dam hearing amor de lejos reMix With Jowell y Randy :)
ha aight yo hit me up soon for the music video so we can have a meeting...
friday night in milwaukee..anything can happen
Aint been getn on twitter muh here lately what the fuk is up folks!?
YES. I still stand by FF as being a great dev tool. By far, the best js debugger I have used. Chrome is a close second
that's good to hear ! :)
wats the deal pappa ya got any traks i got my studio up and runnin
its about that time of year ... Aw yeah
yeah I did but it was a long time ago :)
congrats! also, looking for mobile app/html 5 developers. any recs?
it was great would have be #awesome to see it all
Just got off work n walked into a water balloon fight. It was only right that I took part.
Dex One keeps calling trying to get us to pay for advertising. Seems like the largest waste of advertising dollars possible.
hello, hello!
I hate to say this in spite of a death...but as Americans, with no jobs, no royal wedding, no sense of hope, it feels good to be unified.
rt: Party is on in DC in a big way....
your friend? Or you? Haha
San Jose Paving Contractor Expands Business with New Products ...
ICONic Boyz are back baby
midterm time. let's get this over with. dear powers above, please don't let me fall asleep.
Are you serious??!? This years lineup looks amazing!!! I want to go more than ever
I already did!!
So Jason Terry must be really satisfied with that 1 NBA title. He thinks 1 is enough I guess.
I know, right? I've noticed that too.
I had a very productive day at ACTORFEST on Saturday! I also attended an open call for Grant Wilfey Casting!
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent. - William Ashley -- Knows Ebay ()
I'm in awe. #TSW2012 has raised close to $18,000 for - 40% more than last year. Great job everyone!!! cc
Filner says "I just outlined my pension plan. I'm glad Nathan has picked that one up from me."
Vegas observation #4: Pretty sure I'm not the only one who has no idea how to play these penny slots. Pull the lever? Okay I can do that.
Asst Prof Elaine Yuan's work on "Community in Modern Societies:A culturalist critique of ‘online community’ in new media studies" at ICA 11
San Francisco is such a beautiful place
True that
Does anyone else want a Nike fuelband but you're not really sure why?? There's gotta be some subliminal marketing being done.
doing some crazy tumbling tonight and working on the balance beam. It's been 6 years since I've done a front flip on the beam!
Mostly. Mostly for good.
#nf sexy ass #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she's a
Drove by 's Woodward Window, made me smile :)
lots to do today!!!
Working on myself new clothing line...it is totally different than my suiting. It is called FAITH CULTURE more to come.
feeling super violent today! need to go boxing in lieu of punching someone on the street in the face! ah #Rawr!
#90sinsults "Boy's go to Jupiter to get more stupider." ;D
Late night session with Warner Bros Recording Artist
I wonder if the lady at T-mobile would've been so nice if she knew I was just calling to see when I could break up with her.
Do u have a facebook? No one here or in rooms had any news
Its fresh off the press. Not even an hour old. Check itout.
eh i can expand it and deal with it like that one?
Preds score on the first play of the 4th quarter. Long TD pass from Leak to Toliver-his 5th of the game. Preds lead 61-54.
Okay, time to gird loins and go into pencils on this behemoth. If I don't see you again, Twitter, it's been lovely! - DvL
RT "You can’t argue with a good blow job"...George Carlin. Why would anyone even want to??
is still in?
aha ok you soo that (:
I just LOVE doing Math homework on a Monday!
You're cute:) follow me?<3
Was just behind MA (461 JK6) - blue Nissan Sentra. Brake light is out.
I'm so ready for 9:30 to get I've spent my whole day at work
if you want out of the "income opportunity" industry & want to accomplish your goals in real time go to
Had fun plaque-hunting in Morningside Heights for ! New thesis-break hobby?
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and be equally avoided.
Im sick of seeing scene bastards everywhere i go
....passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain? - Kahlil Gibran
omg blonde u and tht number!! And yes ur always hyper!! Wanna see the dress I wore yesterday for Easter?
Wishing everyone a happy and relaxing President's Day!
Hey friends, I'm camping for the 1st time. Pics for those interested on Instagram. My username is TeemareeDotCom. <3
These stores make me imagine humans plugging in like electric cars...Very interesting aesthetic
Really like portman's dress
So it's one of those days where everything needs to be done now
RT if your glad Austin is finally doing an #AUSTREAM!
you're garbage.
Haha, very tempting. What channel?
Guys with green or blue eyes >>>>
My mom is so strong! She's grieving her fathers death and still puts on a smile. I just wish she new it's alright to cry sometimes.....
AMAZING! Congrats!
you are the sweetest.
Some life. LOL
Going shopping today :D
New Logo, check it out!
Buying one new car tire costs as much as a bicycle.
r my idols:D
Newark Travail - We are delighted to announce our Temp of the month Jan 2012 is Elaine Gray
After driving over an hour, made it to cowboys.
Missing out now on BOTH top guys, does KY even have a starting 5??
Absolutely stunned hearing the news that Mariano Rivera tore his ACL. Of all the great Yankees, no one was more dominant than he.
Good morning, Carina! It's good to see you.
I just #aggressivelywaved someone in a black explorer. Needless to say, it wasn't you
She trying to play me but she doesn't know I got nothing but time
made it home safe, mami - thank you to you and h for the ride! amazing time. so happy to have spent it with you (in a sports bar?)
It's refreshing to be reminded constantly by a multitude of ppl @ seperate times that ur a great individual
The 5 game winning streak is in flux The last 5 times ive been at the ballpark, the rangers win. Odd feeling since royals worst team.
Wicked Wednesday's @ 1 Up Lounge. Happy hour drink specials:$3 Well drinks, $4 Drafts & $5 Absolute cocktails. DJ Mike T. DJ Hump.
No but its professional to make them feel as though they are. We as barbers accommodate our clients.
Gearing up to film this weekend. It's gonna be a lot of fun
Is so I can follow . That is all.
I am turning 40 today, felt I haven't accomplished much, then I look at my wife of16 years and our two boys. little things
Headed to the crib done wit work
Watching "The Way We Get By" and keep bursting into tears.
I feel ya lol
Going out w/my coworkers seemed like a great idea last night. This morning not so much.
Niggas be paying to open up for people don't believe the hype they lying
Thanks to everyone who's entered so far! Have you entered to win $100 from yet?
and your future is very bright (:
"Young men know the rules, but old men know the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
MS Qatar research - just 1% of parents have used internet controls
SAVE THE MALES! RT She is a shrill, emasculating, whiny harpy and my ladywife loves that show
Do you ever get mad when your phone just blows up??
All things are difficult before they are easy - Thomas Fuller
day.. um! He has a point though you guys always be acting RETARDED! Atleast be a little bit mature when hes not present -.-
seems like an efficient tool. would have to check out how good the search was to find relevant users. Free level? Demo?
Duh. RT : PERRY: Obama invented poverty
my fav said unfortunately there are some who THINK they are better than OTHERS but they clearly ARENT cause all they get is DMS
I so get your blogthing bout wine - if you need like, tips on how to talk about wine, i am here for ya babe
oh the beauty of a night.
Giant pumpkins float? See for yourself. Regatta races start at 2 p.m. on the Lake at Tualatin.
#ghlive Time to switch cameras. I haven't seen anything else on camera 3.
#Celebrating a Christening this weekend? We offer great keepsakes such as picture frames, albums, crosses, and religious jewelry.
The offense was embarrassing tonight. Its clear that this lineup needs to be shuffled.
Praying for those impacted by the stage collapse. Unreal.
OH: What do you feet look like?
she was staring at her Jesus sandals like "wtf lebron? I paid good money for these seats"
UGH! i wana play football today with the guys. ohwell dinner night with #oomf and watch the games
tmr's tuesday .LIKE SIAN ONLY
Our song is "Always & Forever"; today is our 32nd Anniversary. Thru all the ups & downs- one constant-we are together w/ God & Family
BRYAN ANGER, A PUNTER GETS TAKEN IN THE TOP 100 PICKS
Metal object moving about + a super powerful magnet irresponsibly driven around town=another mystery even a fetus can solve.
some still blame the cat, but I know the socks were the main culprit!
Thanks for thinking of me, JK. I'll check it out. Hope you're doing well1
This day couldn't possibly drag on any further, could it?
babe dont delete yours!
#Packers schedule is out Now!! Hm.. Let's see.
I would personally like to be Belle! My dad has always said he'd love to drive buses -- take people to the happiest place! :)
it's magic!
Looking for some great decorations and casino themed ideas? www.partyzone-rentals.com
what's FF
Blue Man Group tonight...it's going to be crazy! Our goal is to get Denise pulled up on stage with them. She'll never forgive us!
. just announced SAP integration with to bring social into existing CRM business processes
Just woke up with yea girl on my bed
RT In his final act of benevolent genius, Steve Jobs overshadows Sarah Palin. Rest in peace, you fucking stud.
Happy Birthday Warren and Happy Mother's Day to your Mom!
So who going to south today??
Gm twitter world
Greetings! We're paired up in the Mario Tennis Open tourney &I wanted to see if we could lock down a time.
All I have to do is sit up, write, sketch , and color .
they have better health insurance. No I didnt read the article.
fits that description, spanish-speaking, miami, and social media.
If only scary kids would get back together
Absolutely, we'd love to have them. :) Email admin@ - we'll get you the address and info. Thanks so much.
": Victory! Congrats to BLACKBERRY!" ••• thank you!! i hope you and the baby are well.
Are you Going Red for women today?
look at this guy..one cherry vodka too many...lol
you're familar with thermodynamics? "Once the bread is toasted, it can't be untoasted".
same.. i feel like fangirling :D
sweet! bring some coffee! i really need it too :D
TMZ reporting that Junior Seau has died as the result of a shooting.
I realize the Seattle cyclist culture is unique and hardy, but I question the judgement of those that commute on hard rain days. Dangerous.
I hate girls like that so mucccchhhh. Don't blame every guy for being an asshole just because you have shitty taste.
sure just did :)
RT : IM TEACHING TODAY!!! FIRST CLASS of the NEW YEAR 9pm! Got a new one FAH you! :) Come thru if you can.
Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 12-13 mil make Hughes contract harder to do?
#Crazyness when your sister tells you the trolalalalolerss go to our school
Great #shot2011 meeting. Many thanks to new colleagues in history. I have some great notes.
Happy Easter. ^______^
Thanks look forward to catching up, hopefully doesn't grill me tomorrow night...
Back to Vegas...
More order's shipped, Thanks for the support "SNO" Fans we are working on new shirt's coming in October Stay tuned.. www.snoclothing.com
Ironic. Don't u think? Did the guest bring a waterfall?
jinge bells jingle bells...öhh cant wait for christmas!!
YES! We would absolutely love your help :) I'll call you with details next week. Thanks so much!
Try the new Mushroom and Swiss Toaster Melt?? It's insanely good....
Thanks to you!
Up early tomorrow? Tune in to (comcast ch 3), 6-8am, for our #FoodCartFriday segment: we'll have on our morning show!
Monday's over 👍👍
Think im gonna make a call to my nigga kevin loll
Change = Constant
Great Job at #adobesocial Good to hear from and
Finally leaving the gym good workout!!
Cub fans do that pretty much anytime there's contact.
Brunch is my favorite meal mash up.
Raining and it's freaking cold. Good thing I make it on time at work..
kinda weird how demi is an x factor judge.... imagine if she gets the over's.... lol.
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview. The post was his substantive response to issue.
HELL wit Fisher he's fake
I feel neglected too. Boo :(
Grandpa had a heart attack. God I love life -,,-
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to reading your tweets!
Had a great meal there yesterday but I wish there was corn bread and comfortable chairs.
Ugly first half. Bulls up 35-26 at HALFTiME.
yeah, you appeared to be in the zone! Getting that lift on lol
Is at home watchin the Trayvon Martin story on B.E.T
Thanks for supporting our #VUDH conference!
“: I’m holding back because I feel like I’m starting to like you more and more everyday.”
give up on M Ryan? Killin me have Tebow/Grossman but both on bye Campbell/Cassel/Grossman still avail
How good would #ty chandler look in a #bucks uni sigh
Seeing singing in the band show made me feel so proud. This is only the beginning.
The one time I eat in front of my cousins they say I ate fast and why am I eating so much/: back to not eating! (:
Hope you are feeling better!
That is always amazing. Dear student, I am not the grade fairy who magically gifts points, instead you *earn* them.
Once again I got soaked by the rain on the way bck from lunch. Second time this year I've had to come bck and change clothes
So, it is just a marketing scam I presume.
NEED TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN ASK HIM A QUESTION HOW DOES HE GET HIS SINGING VOICE SO GOO
this one time at Nini camp...
"It's not just the challenge, it's the risk" talking revolutionary #artist -
he does :) and he goes on airplane mood. Too bad he doesn't fly..
I know right. If Elise Testone is eliminated before her, I'll probably stop watching. I watch it for Elise.
What's everyone up to tonight? Follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Let's make that one of many to come. Displaced Brooklynites are hard to come by:-)
That strawberry kellog's bar was so damn good
aghhh, silly me thinking you'd forget. Fine. I've definitely got plenty of dilemma to share.
I wish i can see it but...my mom wont let me and i know is a great movie cuzz i saw the trailer :)
cool. i've been using #goodreads too for about 3 years, but i'm kinda curious about #shelfari now
It's coming man! Thanks for being patient, we are trying to keep up.
I'll do the Publix run!
We all get the same amount of time per day. The difference is what we do with our time.
Bulls should just try there best to get D.Rose back
Johns Landing area! You will all have to come visit soon!
I don't believe Lombardi, but that's only because I have no idea what the hell he's talking about
"You should read 50 Shades of Grey. It's good. It might surprise you." I fucking doubt it.
Sunday Fundays = Miserable Mondays
So I just ordered french toast, eggs, and mashed potatoes. My server looked at me like I was insane, hahah.
: as long as I am in the payroll in any capacity whatsoever I must request a hearing. Beware, technically u broke law too!
"is it just as important to address the poverty, stress and hopelessness that some children bring into the classroom" =Blow
Feels like a 70s lite rock day.
Getting some cocktail shrimp in the 1933 lounge; love this place :)
Baking bread and chocolate chip cookies. Rocking out as well :) Damn Im cool ;D
i just tried to hang up on somebody all dignified and such, and my end button took forever to respond. lmao womp.
thanks for that ;)
I got a nice tan during our chat! Lots of compliments at the show for my glow. Well maybe one.
Corporations profit from the elimination of competition through the force of the state.
Just finished the Frontline web chat. A lot of great questions -- and not all were from my old boss :) Still making it better!
Happy (belated) Easter!
Damn what a long day
the game wasn't over and he never quits.
love the stash and the jersey!
Nana Always turns a question into a speech >_<
Thanks so much for the support!
Hi Stuart ! Thanks for the RT , I appreciate your support, following U now, Follow me back please ?
what a chump! MT “: Magic coach Van Gundy told reporters that he knows star center asked team mngmnt 2 fire him.”
Awesome photo, sir!
RT : working on a holiday is like attacking in the feed zone, but whatever, I'm not too proud.
I just checked in at Olin Hall (601 E Main St, Collegeville) on
I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you...oh #taylorswift!!
Our president is less compassionate & progressive than he is calculated.
Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt Coming Soon!!! Stay tuned, w.Snoclothing.com
Stitches out today!! :D
fantastic!!! Keep on flyin'!!!
Coach Scott really does talk about good stuff of we would just listen
She loves u now but as u push ha away that love falls keep pushing and one day sh gone be gone
Two great gigs this weekend with a client meeting to end it on today. What a great April!
Doh! This is what happens when I'm behind. Should've known would be on it!
Geez. Hope they were all saved.
Ariana Grande!!!!!! I love you so much I dedicate my heart 2 u =D
Tell to stop their #VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers. Call 800-229-9460 now
Blitz Comet on the scene You step to me and you're gonna get creamed Corn all up in your teeth, you reek
Need a Medical Massage and have a drs. prescription? I accept most health insurance plans. Call for verification.
I first read 'finances' as 'fiances'. I imagine that would be a disaster.
#Sharon Needles
OSU! I've wanted to go there since I was born hahaha
not next year but the year after...they might actually be fun to watch now!
There are a ton of short codes that will help with posting by email.
I'll be up ;D
This just in....I remember what anger feels like.
right!? It was SO feeling gross! Made me almost puke. 😒
thank you:)
So excited for my best friends to get the hell back into the states!!! #'murrica 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
ya baby!
In my case, that would be pretty frightening.
One day soon. Sooner than most can even imagine.
it's so upsetting to think that everyone always tweets celebrities but only like 2% of people who tweet them get a reply back sigh
So stoked I got my floor tix to Their 1st SF show since 1996 and their only other non-Coachella US show besides NYC!
This day is goin by so slow!
If we both Make $, why can't we Spend it Together?
“: Did #Clemson have a curfew this week? Holy smokes” // Yeah... It was 8:30p...
: I hope you have a great day :))
The eye candy in Spartacus is so ridiculous, I always watch the lastest ep. 2x in order to get the dialogue! Great writing!
Boom—found it! (thanks for verifying)
Fat loss tip: Don't avoid fat to lose fat. If you eat good fats you'll actually lose more body fat!
What is everyone doing for Cinco de Mayo??
Killatouch you on 45th I'm fuckin wit you
Wow. Zimmerman protecting the kid. Went after Hamels. Beantown. Things just got very, very interesting.
12 ft swell? Lets go surfing.
your from NY?
Thanks for bringing your brain to the #b2bchat party
Hittin' the ladiez room b4 it gets stupid at intermission. Just #1 friends.
Spring Break almost feels like Summer!
bwahahaha uggghh. It was an interesting conversation. Just try explaining her without the help of the internet.
I do not watch American Idol. I can't say exactly why. I don't stick sharp objects under my fingernails, either. Both seem to make sense.
Last night was the real deal
RT : Morning Winos! I hope everyone is excited for 's Italian #wine tasting tonight! See you there!
That is the happiest photo on earth.
Hey. Thanks foe following. Did you eat a lot if cranberries during your thanksgiving feast?
Classes starting August 1st and 2nd! Check out our schedule at www.TuckerSchool.com!
#FF Creative sparks across Colorado - and - All people that are creating change
John Elway--Bad Lies...or Good Smoke Screens: "We'll only draft impact players" | "We don't have a plan B" - Where do these leave Osweiler
my followers plz follow she is new to twitter thanks :)
someone probably tweeted a pic...
happy pink bat day!!! Go get
Visited Ms. M at the rehab ctr, she is doing well & wants 2 go home. I told her if she keeps doing what she is doing, she will b home soon.
RT : The biggest advances are not made by being a great teacher; they are made by being a great student. - Pursah
real* not realtime
Limestone County Unveils Design Of County’s Tornado Memorial
“: I guess no wants a follow back because no one followed ” I did!!!
Courage is the price that Life exacts for granting peace. Amelia Earheart
My first real upper body workout in 10 weeks!! Man...it feels good to be back! It's going to take a while to get my strength back where...
it's scary that a muni fire is a plausible excuse
This is stuidddd.
Sitting in the kitchen tlkn to Aileen & she said sumin, I'm like say what. Dj like what. Lol, now he keep saying what.
Thanks for the LR/Aperture feedback Not sure what I'll do...
Two Years Ago You INSPIRED Me to Be A Better Dancer & You Still Do To This Day! Happy Birthday! & I Hope You Had A GREAT One!<3
Watching the LA tow-truck pursuit with other bored screenwriters on Twitter.
she is the best mommy in the world right!!!!!!
Thanks to for hosting us this morning, and for randomly playing Fleetwood Mac's "Tusk" by way of outro!
haha, and no one questions you when they can't even spell what you just made up that you had ; p
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! I hope you're having a wonderful Tuesday!
Mention this tweet and get 15% OFF all Parts & Accessories through the end of December!
u should have asked for patron lol
What was she thinking !?
Wonderful news! So excited for you and Stephanie... please keep us posted!
2611 N. Bremen St in Riverwest. hustle. we're leaving for the weekend soon.
that does take a lot of self control! :)
Thanks Justin- you should try the Chili's rellenos. Best I've had in years. Now I'm stuffed! I'll get the chimichanga next.
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
Anybody tweeting about the fight now watched the replays lol
There are several people on my TL that know a lot abt the music industry that should get together and mentor some of the youth.
RT : We have R3HAB coming to next Thursday December 1st ... that big!!
lol all name team RT : RECRUITING STORY OF THE YEAR. RT : Hearing #Nebraska has offered 2013 Nashville ATH Corn Elder
Me and Jordan Benker :) i wish it was Me and Jordan Benker r friends :D
Having been up since 1 a.m., I always try to stifle a smirk when Twitter begins to explode right about now. . .
Dear my Goddess, I love you and thank you for helping me back up from rolling in the deep. Love you my angel :)
Man, I gotta get down to NOLA. Where am I going for Feb break? God's Waiting Room in Florida...
Low moment. I've never felt as depressed about American politics. Not even during the horrors of the W years. Hope is in short supply.
That last tweet was maybe four hours after it shoulda been. Meh.
Cancelled my Backpack account today. Never quite clicked with it — a big todo.txt file and Dropbox works really well.
“: My brother just made me touch his mustache” umad and jelly
brewing my at home and snugglin with piper puppy. good morning :)
Networking is good for finding out about things. It is NOT a good way to get a specific job. Not if the org is healthy. Agreed?
RT : mayor mike coleman knows how to get the job done. GO MAYOR GO!!!!!!!!!!
searching for a QA Supervisor in Arkansas
what? It's like 70 degrees today...
right, but they could cede control of one night apiece to stations. on each to make it feasible and promote.
you're kidding right that beef was amazing Ham was good cherry tort was amazing.. you're dumb
Sorry you are bored.
I have it just waiting for your address.
I'm an extremely picky person.. Which doesn't help at all
see ya tomorrow
How many of you die-hard bible and church believers never read the bible? Read the bible for yourself. Some people lie about bible info.
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls vs. Heat game March 14th @ the UC?
lit my sea breeze soy candle, ate some dark chocolate, kicked my feet up. already feeling a bit more zen.
10sparky59 Sparky Perfume on Sale up to 90% off and FREE SHIPPING
riding bikes uphill home. That becomes problematic. But, we made it and all's well that ends well.
see i made it on bus to Hickory Furniture Mart without puking! haha. good to met ya :)
Every store around me takes EBT and not a single one has a ATM
so depressing :(
Good bye Walter - you taught me to watch the news
Who is your favorite librarian?
I'm sorry to hear that. Tomorrow is a new day
End of one period of play in Minneapolis. #Badgers hold a 1-0 lead over Minnesota thanks to a goal from Tyler Barnes.
Do you wanna smoke with me?...I wanna smoke with you.
man F them hatters
I miss when I was little and everything was perfect and if something was wrong, it was never a big deal.
Any of my royals followers going to the game tonight?
Got this rug on my head finally twisted up. Looks good to. :) Gud shit.
another flyers win! Good stuff
Bye, Marist. See ya in January. En route to Jersey with
"Get With Me" by
this show kills me.
stop it. HOW COULD I FORGET?! 💜💜 AH I'm pumped
have fun!
they need your attn, how is business ?
Podcasting is a fairly new form out generating traffic but not one to be overlooked.
so your life feels like it don't make sense & you think yo yourself "i'm a good person" so why do these things keep happening ?
This has been a crazy morning. I'm lucky that some people put up with me. On my second trip up north. I hope it all fits so it's my last
Merry x-mas.
40+ boxes of new product! Come to Poochinis tonite from 6-8 to see all the new stuff!
Stupid weather.....psyching me out.
I Just got my internet back! Thank god! I missed my friends on here and my friends back in New york! I wanna go back! :'(
Our Hip Hop division is doing something pretty sweet on Twitter make sure you're following for a chance to win special prizes!
Damn They Lockin All The Heights Boy's up Let All My Niggas Go Poohman, Santana
Thanks for the RT!!!
Depends -- did you type this from an ice bath? RT : I can't feel them, thats a good sign right?
Please bring me a glass of water.
Happy 40th Birthday my girlfriend Kerry! #Zoltons #Salon North #Scottsdale! Love you Mia see you in a few days!
I didnt even bring my math home..
Most people really think my name is Nauji lmao
Just had the most amazing coffee chat in L.A. with Exec Prod Jim Shoaf, Exec Prod Stuart Owens and Writer/Director/Prod Jeb Stuart. Woohoo!
Oh, so kind... *blushing*...thanks! RT I wish I was . Seriously. She's that good and you should follow her.
awww thankkss :) i miss you too! wish you were hear friend
think my mom knows yr mom & Dad- from Pitt? Mine are Jan and Sy Myers,
#BlueRock is painting our new #edit suites!
For better or worse, that is a bigass phone. Overall, my nexus s, was cool, but the hw was cheap & 2.4 was very notquitethere.
#SOTU should be interesting to watch what with Obama's freshly-grown set of cajones.
Been DVRing for years. It's my sunshine!
You bet! Sorry for the late response but I appreciate the
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done.
Hey what u doing
and if they only sold some.....my mom was on at 10am andi should have had one
Me-i love you austin :) <3 Austin-i love you too :D <3 Me-w..w..what? *pass out*
I do! How did y'alls paths cross?
WTH!! The silent bat syndrome strikes again. >___<
Am officially old -- my students say Obi Wan Kenobi is the guy with the braid in his hair - I beg to differ.
rip to your bro homie. Sorry hear about your loss..
Thanks!! I'm really excited and I LOVE D.C.
because my friend insulted me
Damn near unwatchable.
New Cause: Get HERS scores on the Multiple Listing Services. Who is with me?
lol! Im still here. hows everything?? And im gonna need an invite the next time u cook lady. you got that slap ya momma cooking
Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, To YOU!
There's some major political news brewing! More information coming up on at Noon!
Chip Chantry's One-Man Show (w/ Special Guests) is at 8:30pm on The Adrienne Theatre Main Stage, 2030 Sansom St. Be there, get cool swag!
thats really nice of you Singleton. Bullies suck & remember what goes around comes around Niki, stay strong.
*white people magic*
are u excited for younow? I'M SO EXCITED <3
ok i gotcha :)
wassup! How u doing. So happy for u, keep making that $$$ man!! Lol
No cell service in the Berkshires, but experiencing some music magic already - heard a Russian men's quartet wafting from a nearby church.
; RT if you love all your fans (;
Ooh cam hardly wait to get my hands on these
can't wait to hear speak to about the power of engaging women!
making myself a malibu and orange juice and watching the muppets till I pass out. haha!
RT : Three day weekends should be mandatory. Agreed!
you should feel proud, you're one of the select few whose tweets i have sent to my phone!
stop hitting woman
Listening to NPR on the ride home to catch this:...
hahahahaha how are u
I'm afraid wed b found out! Hehehehehe. It sounds like a lot of fun to me:-) id b willing to take the risk:-)
You are welcome, feel free to "follow" us here, on our blog, and on Facebook.
We'll get you some blinders.
I just used my HTML skills to make a link on my tumblr blog/resume and rejoiced outloud when it worked!!!
thinkin bout past relationships n niggas i fucked with. wtf was i thinkin! lol glad i finally found my 1 n only.... love u
so you'll be gone for about 3 days? I THINK NOT!
ohh yeah ill text youu c:
don't forget Catching Fire tomorrow...
Each wrinkle in the face tells a story.
Well, there's been MORE of her but she hasn't been on as often, if you know what I'm sayin'.
"Keep me guessing with these blessings in disguise - And I'll walk with grace my feet and faith my eyes." ::caedmon's call::faith my eyes::
Busy but hopefully enjoyable weekend ahead! :-)
i just got on the bus now haha
RT : Reminder! Our webinar, "Career Fitness: How to Build Lasting Success at Work," begins in 3 minutes!
hope you make it in time! I would have arrived before noon and took in festivities
Our commercial starts airing tomorrow on 840 AM CBS Radio! Woo Hoo www.lasvegashcg.com
That's the rumor. I'm starting to think they have Isiah Thomas running their network.
LMFAO IM BEHIND AH TRUCK THT SAYS HARPO FENCING.
"God did not create universe" - Stephen Hawking "Neither did you, Stephen" - God
I want Craig Ferguson to be at the dinner, too! There are several authors I'd like to eat with! Ok, I'll stop. This game could be unending.
And Herman Cain has left the building. Thank you and goodnight
C'mon. Research doesn't always lead immediately to insight. The quantification and data gathering are not sufficient, but ARE necc
it is creepy!
#FF for setting up some nice press interviews for my health care in the cloud initiative.
baby momma lol what's good nay. What u doin
18 days till DC BOY of splurge gang is released from his 11 month sentence
RT ‎**CHATTANOOGA & NASHVILLE* Need to shoot a MUSIC VIDEO?CONTACT CPtv MEDIA for ALL of your videography needs!
Thinking got a few life decisions to make......
only you! Haha! ♡
Edgar Award for Best Critical Biography goes to Michael Dirda
they have them? Lol
is filled with anticipation right now. having "an evening" with david sedaris. not a book signing. hmm....
Tomorrow w/Greg Kihn: John Dioso from talks the last days of Jimi Hendrix!
thanks for the follow! Coffee?
#FLYERS WIN IN OVERTIME!!
Thank you! xo
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose. Why didn't I watch this when it was really on? Loving #netflix right now!
(AP) -- Betty White says her plans for her upcoming 90th birthday might include "a little vodka on the rocks
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
Ah, what a shame that I missed that! :-(
Excellence is not something you do; it is something you become.
Happy Birthday to
In other news, Redtails was the shit this weekend
Happy to help. Starting on the photographer/title placards as we speak. Will be in touch soon.
Daniellla is my life saver, & got them
no i cant throw money in sues dey denied me...i might fallin DOA
He will not be searching for happiness as if it were a collar button that has rolled under the radiator .
I also have a free e-book about me for iPad. It comes with a song, too. Double arf.
Woman gives birth Woman: I think I'll name her Sara. Doctor: I'm sorry, but that name's already taken.. May I suggest Sara89 or Sara_13?
Omg lol! KG
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it. Success is shy -- it won't come out while you're watching."Tennessee Williams
Good morning!
Rofl she can't stand him lolololololz
I feel like it's been a couple of weeks since I tweeted. Just haven't had too much time.
Try our Thanksgiving Pizza! Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing & French Onions! Side of gravy optional.
Makes sense. Those hundred flowers aren't supposed to bloom in the fridge.
We get it you drink, smoke, and party all the time. You can stop tweeting about it.
T1 I think Nurses Week matters. It's important for people to get acknowledgement of their hard work
thank you for the interesting tweets, they're much appreciated !
It feels great to be respected amongst my peers. :)
Went to the store with gabby
I would have kept on playing until they tell me to turn off the comp.
Pineapple Kush Sold Out
interesting question: as artists, i think if you are not in it to promote radical ideas or change, then why do it? (1/2)
yeah, it's horrible how someone would want to do that to a helpless child/: people sicken me.
Thank you jeremy!(:
thanks for the follow! have you also followed us on facebook?
I don't get everyone's "disappointment". The guts of the 4s (everything from the baseband processor, CPU, Camera, Graphics chips....are new.
Wow. Recommend.me is a total spambot. Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up. So. Evil.
Did you experience SHake Shack in NY?
I'm reminded 1.5 year olds don't understand the concept of pointing at something more than five feet away
Babysitting...again
- Huge thanks for restoring the power so quickly on Bainbridge - always appreciate light/heat in the morning.
I like you. Let's hang out
twitter isn't all that... remade mine a couple of days ago and I never know what to tweet about rofl:) share your music!
Ball so hard
That's a Beautiful Sight
Just checked out 's video on ws. That 💩 was dope!
I am so relieved that Act isn't even that hard!!!!!
Cant Sleep "/
thanks for following!!! ;)
So we can't say Merry Christmas... but you want the day off? Fack it! Merry Christmas to all!
my friend is in the middle of building a studio but I'm not sure when it will be finished. Kinda sucks.
Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you. -- Ephesians 2:4-10
Yeah, I mapped these vs. actual abortion providers (from an anti site, then anonymized). I'll dig up a link. /cc
riding with u most likely... What time u heading out? And what u mean "us"?
Right, so cripple the hospitals. Sorry, nose, but the face must be spited.
I got that from
": dyingg to see and tonight! cannot wait #excitedtweet"
3:00am: Time to do work!
Let's go Bravos ::clap clap clap:: Let's go Bravos ::clap clap clap:: Let's go Bravos :: clap clap clap:::
Very simply put.... U don't work U don't Eat...
why does murray play penner period? or as much as he does? moller is so much better, even if he is smaller.
I didn't know you were on Twitter :)
I feel like a lot of people on the list serve are going away from that.
Little Weapons is back in Los Angeles! It's about to be a weekend! Keep up with us through Twitter, FB, and Tumblr for what's next!
I haven't Tweeted all day.
That rocks! Thanks so much! :)
you and me both!! I mean it's not like I make an infinite amount of money or anything
I'd punch a midget just for the nostalgia
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Class three days a week/four day weekends? I can dig that.
Well well.....r u a bride to be or groom to be? I have the perfect venue for you !!! Call me 3017411614. It's right on the water front!
I can't stand your favouritism
Now im watching #LeapYear i love this movie:D
Not safe: Access Facebook, Yelp And Google From Car’s Dashboard
007 at the bottom of the stairs choking the fuck outta the Black dude. Kill or be killed
Can you cry under water?
Twitter IS a good investment.
Any suggestions on the next restaurant I should visit for food pictures?
that awkward moment when you didn't know you were dating someone... oh.
Thank you! Enjoy your weekend as well!
Gonna keep my head up high , but leave my middle finger even higher .
Good morning!
Arizona surgeons carry out rare mom-to-child liver transplant
Thanks Tyra. "Gotta Praise."
Does your present wife give you updates on what your cock looks like? Amazing 24 hours. Over 1 mill raised, 1000s of volu....
School is like a boner; long and hard unless you're asian.
Talking instead of working out
I. Need. Summer. Now ..
I'm going with my booski so I'll meet ya over there but give y'all the money
On the homestretch! 41/80= how much longer until I am in Lubbock. With the probability that I do not get pulled over.
Hi - Free wifi will be available in the Yerba Buena Forum during #GravityFree!
I've been a bit MIA.
Isn't it funny when people stop talking to u when they dont get their way?
WOW! I love seeing my timeline full of Always funny & entertaining! Love ya Jun :)
If someone will look into the actual conversation and thinks I'm a harassing antisemitic violent threat. I'll leave voluntarily.
Great day writing with Nathan Chapman &
Fraternity Wars Day 1: Capture the Flag at 6!
Someone stole my foursquare mayorship at Fiesta away from me... we need to fix this!
All day err' day!
In order to have wat you want you have to fight for it
another good choice would be our Glam Lipstick in 'Red Carpet'!
But even a Macguffin can have significance.
My dog got a LONG dick!!!! Lmfaooo!!!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Are you a maven? A doer? A salesperson? Because the future belongs to those influential few.
Jose Daniel Ferrer. What about his Reproductive Rights?
YOU WATCH SHERLOCK?!
39 songs on my iPod . Whipee 😒
I liked ur comments at SD Econ development hearing re fighting poverty in SD w/good paying jobs. Let's make them good green jobs.
Watching God of Love
I didn't get to get that cornbread from Carolina's Kitchen. 😔
voted this morning. Hope you win! Good luck !
I'd ask people "WAS IT INCEST OR MASTURBATION?" and "WAS IT MURDER OR SUICIDE?" god i'm so clever my testicles are inside of my chest now ok
TunnelFact # 300: 4027 Feet of Tunnel = Washington Mutual (thanks ) www.tunnelfacts.com
Nice to meet you yesterday!
Austin looks so hot in a tux <3., jeeze . Kidd is beyond sexy.<3 call me maybe (;
Let it be.
Who is coming out to the show tomorrow?! :D We better see y'all get down! Especially to "Self Made" :D Go wild!
I left a long time ago there isn't much to do tonight
A two cellos version of "Smell's Like Teen Spirit" on my Mozart station is a
They ARE disappointed! Reporting while hanging on to a lamp post looks great for their reels.
I'm on my money making mission
So happy for you...should be fun!
4. My favorite disney show is Jessie ;)
Till the end.
Pretty sure I have the spine of a 75 year old man
Julie Andrews is such a class act...she looks like she's tearing up while singing with Stephen Colbert?
Grilling out at work- how awesome is that?!?
Thanks for following PFAW Wisconsin!
Heading to #AdTechSF next week: would love to catch up with some old & new friends! Who's in? My inbox is flooded with Tuesday party invites
Loving North Carolina!
I felt that from here.
"Wherever you go, there you are," but San Diego is getting too small.
favre!! Definitely!
Big ups and thanks to all who came out at quassy lakes today respects for the welcome seen real reggae lives ..1
consistency is important for testers. also unnecessary waste of resources. also they don't need to edit the code
Health & fitness should be taught at school. Obesity is such a big issue nowadays
boom! The stars say we're a good match, that's a good sign ;D
wait. What's there to dread? Loving the week of special foods!
Gr8 cast & crew meeting, gr8 table read- schedules & call times will B forthcoming... Every1 at meetings thx U rock!
OMG WHY DO I KEEP GOING ON THIS TWITTER AND TWEETING. I'M RETARDED.
I often have a strong urge to ctrl+F print documents
ah you're welcome. It's what I do. :)
it's because people are talking to each other instead of playing with their phones
We are not going to permit these thieving tinhorn gamblers to spoil American sports. That is part of our life - good, clean sport. [1945]
hey I aint been on here ina minute
A poor cardinal has built its nest above my window. Every day he flies into it trying to get in... I don't think he'll woo anybody this yr.
Hey I just bought you and this is crazy but heres my ice cream so melt it maybe?
I wanna watch breaking dawn
"It Ain't Gonna Be No War On Wax We Comin To Ya Show PatnA .. See If You Can Handle Them Truck Buck SWSuperman
So this Union and RedBulls MLS game is going to provide as much excitement and competition as the #ManCity game I watched earlier, RIGHT?
Survived Black Swan but not my detox headache...
#Brewers have never faced Wieland before. That means the #Padres have a 99.9% win probability tonight.
Sweet! I'll have to check it out after work
TOUCHDOWN!!!! Let's Go Saints!
ok, i'll schedule tech out. what day and time is best for you?
I'm sick too. The worst !
The NEW TRAILER is up. Check it out! Just posted today April 3rd, 2012
Had great time w/ listening to tonight
Traveling? I just. I didn't even hope for something like this.
Too. Much. Wine. Last. Night.
The future of medicine? Follow for latest on DNA sequencing and clinical applications
Thank you doll:)
yay! congrats. enjoy the last 4 weeks :)
RT “: The attacks on you, are for what you might be in the future, not for what you have been in the past! ”
I can't do it anymore, I just wanna go.see my grandpa.
it's all good shit happens right?
I miss my bestfriends.
Seven out of ten people suffer from hemorrhoids. Does this mean that the other three enjoy it.
Congrats! Not just to you but to them on a great choice.
Is anyone on this baseball team NOT injured?????
Starting the week off with a couple of New Creative Design & Print Projects!! Have a good week everyone!
I do stupid things when I'm fd up
Genuis, really. I'm going to unfollow and refollow in tribute to such an epic stunt! :)
you only missed some jackass exposing himself
yes she does
It's gonna be a Holy Ghost meeting at United Christian Church in the morning 10am Powerful Worship and preaching the (LOVE of GOD)
Chicago Bulls and Atlanta Hawks, great way to brighten up a dark and solemn day
Pay attention to your users. Find your power users & meet with them to interact & find what they love & hate about your company.
hai its cady.(: ♥ follow me if ya want
i feel like every year the oscars does some sort of silent movie tribute
The daily #fight to know Jesus more is hard. But its more than possible and well worth it.
WIN. RT : Why do girls call themselves Barbies when most of them look like Ken?
Doritos taco is all love but what I'm really waiting for is a Big Mac between two Oreos.
happy birthday
it's not too late! Calling all creative women in #sandiego! Join a fun event for networking, socializing, and a little shopping ;)...
Working on finishing up Bartender Brians Folk project this week and tracking guitars for Gorilla Fight at night...
Just call me the black Justin bieber
Nice! How'd you land that?
I don't know if I'm the same strain of "conservative" as that guy (from Christendom College...) I'm a classical liberalist :)
Heard you won Summer Bash tix! Congrats :)
- Exactly.! lol Ever since they came out i was Team OMG. Even though i love MB that doesnt mean i have to hate OMG. !
For God is Spirit, so those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth. (John 4:24) Don't miss #hwi this July!
"The point is of no return and you've reached it."
Johnny Depp Is A 'Total Dream,' 'Pirates' Cast And Crew Say
What was your favorite cell phone of all time?
Writing new SONGS!!!!!!
Wat you Got Goin On , Got Anything To Work On Right Now ?
Damn near finished with my character designs for my portfolio!!! cant wait until I get in
#socializeconf social marketing is a damn big fire
Suddenly "No Sleep Till Brooklyn" popped into my head… Is this my brain telling me it won't let me sleep until I go to Brooklyn? I hope not!
that's fun to do at car dealerships, car washes, car maintenance places. GUYS hang out there. :)
Good night everybody
Wondering how to make the most of twitter...
merry christmas to all, and to all, shut the fuck up
I refuse to grow up lol
ugly as ever. Look at those rabbit teeth.
im just a Dictator remember?!
The Giver by Lois Lowry: Play nice or die & don't ask too many questions.
80s reference that rhymes with "rye ro ralled rife"?
See His Dick Stay Hard >>>
I'm not hating on the people I just don't think playing the air drums is a talent. Not after people who have talent get cut!
Audition tip #7: Never diss that weirdo on the set! It might be a Producer!
I don't even know what to say to you anymore.
stick your tongue in my pussy..
Rats! Oh well, we'll plan on seeing you in a couple of weeks. Enjoy the uncharacteristically nice weather until then.
Anyone out there using anything besides wordpress for a CMS anymore?
On the rd. in a few hrs for Nashville! Runway audition this afternoon for the show! Hope the weather for this drive is not to bad!
love him and love the pic. Though I admit I live in fear that someday you'll tweet me out when I'm having sex on Cam4 :-p
FOLLOW she's a cutie 😚
Yes you do it too RT : u do it too
Sitting back waiting for karma to do it's job.
Looking for a birthday gift? Our giftcard is the perfect gift for everyone.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Wednesday 03/28/12 is Dan and Ian!
RT : ": mixing Will Kennedy's' drums on my tune Lightning & Fireworks for "Simply One" cd, crazy intense playing!...
I have a constipated sneeze.
What am I doing with my night? Why, reading about anamorphic lenses and Olmec colossal heads, of course. Oh, and cooking a chicken pot pie.
Come one Rangers! Kinsler up to bat Gentry on Base!
Newest Bodybuilding Talk Show
I am all mixed up. Reading Illiniboard and they had a fake Andy Katz tweet...Mixed up Katz and Seth Davis
Will someone tell those rednecks from south in Atlanta that the Braves chop chant isnt PC?
Relaxing nt, catching up w sis ... Couple of cocktails on patio
wow paul, that's some intense stuff right there. We need it in the weight room!
"Long childhood makes a virtuoso out of man, but it also leaves a life-long residue of emotional immaturity in him." — not erik estrada
This is why I love baseball!!
oh hell no is the worst
I can't believe youre gone :( why did everyone have to be so good this year !?
Thank you Barton.
Sure np.I'll DM it 2 u.The timer is pausing at certain times. I ended up in RM twice while trying to reboot.Used TU to get out.
Where the fuck is my friend at???
#levilowrey is an all-american son of bitch.
yessir, I am. Feeling good. Thanks for asking :)
glad you liked the presentation on AR! unfortunately no windows phone version in the works for this prototype :(
Storm moves into NorCal. Bringing in wood for warmth of hearth.
or snapping a pic for a new avi lol
he is a quitter..he forced his way out of Denver to get to where he wanted to go and now this? Garbage
Really? That is an interesting comparison. Adds to Biden's cool factor like 1000 percent (considering he was starting way low).
Awesome! RT : just totally totally totally scored at , thank you so much! I love you!!!
Oh, what is there to do in LA? :] I'm really excited to be smuggled in!
I hope to God our game doesn't get cancelled.
Whohoo! Thanks so much.
have fun! I'm so jealous!
Been watching The Larry Sanders show on #IFC....TV gold!!!.... Hey now!
caught in a downpour at lunch again! Drenched! Honestly...it was fun:)
Thanks for connecting Kyle.
Like free coffee? Our Columbus Commons location opens on Monday and we'll be serving up free coffee all day long!
Ravens defense op today, wish I'd drafted them instead of steelers
Beta testing through the weekend. Grateful.
Watching Iron Man 2 with and don't realize he fell asleep until he literally wakes up screaming at the top of his lungs! Haha!
dear lung, I hate you. especially when you prevent me from breathing....on a 3 day weekend. sincerely, breathless
I really should be working right now.
Great Trails to run in #Nashville?
#icantgoadaywithout Turners Sweet Tea! #bluecap My #Pittsburgh ppl will know what I'm saying!
Happy Mother's Day to all you "mothers" out there..
ready to start this day with a cup of #coffee and celebrating
There is always a little more toothpaste in the tube. Think about it.
Beyond this project, I build safe search engines for schools & libraries) as part of SquirrelNet.com -
miss talkin to u too
New Davinci Virtual Office conference room packages in Newport Beach! Call 877MYDAVINCI today and ask for Christie for details! dv.co
Can you buy men's soccer tickets at the gate?
i wish i had dimples.
Long day at Salem State for Regionals. Double session as a spectator.
I'm enjoying live music here at ASCAP Music Cafe - Chris Velan is up now solo guitar and voice
A listener writes: "Thanks very much for the lovely music. I am in my 80s and sort of bedridden. Your music keeps my spirits up." How nice!
paintballing is some real crazy shit
can you explain why you punched the wall?
Why do we have home room today?
R.I.P. Dick Clark! We loved American Bandstand and America's Top 40, you will surely be missed!
And im being taken for granted.
What do you think #bostonarts? RT : Is it good or bad that people leave the theatre with unanswered questions?
. Glad you took the time to do Teen Wolf on Draw Something. You have made my life a little better today
9 more followers so please RT and follow me .
I love the #DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing #RG3 on #Leno, he just might take the old guys job!
love the confidence! Cast/writers/show need Emmy noms! Ridiculous if all of you aren't recognized with awards.
Also: learning outcomes? Sounds like some sort of Orwellian Newspeak.
Looking forward to #48HFP this weekend w/ our team name is Perfect Strangers Productions.
To be hurt, to feel lost, to be left out in the dark To be kicked, when you're down To feel like you've been pushed around
No run last week due to a calf injury. Did rest, ice, compression, massages too. It seems to work and I'll give it a try today.
pick photos but she was too lame so she didnt do it. So I just dropped it. Haha guess my fan never forgets things.
S/o to thanks for the follow boo. :)
RT "Don't find fault, find a remedy." - Henry Ford
Mrs. Kirk: "I am intimidated by people who are Asian"
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY :)
Good morning :) just woke up
Bingo. Cupid didn't build the bullpen.
RT : Choose to let the obstacles inspire you, not stop you.
Not meaning to over simplify but I'm thinking a lot about getting leaders to be more action oriented.
this song makes me want to put on a bath - great find, sir!
#ackwardthings...watching a graphic and verbally racey sex scene with your parents.
"Ice, rum, and uh uh uh, I can't remember."
No worries, I have a daylight lamp that I use :) Thanks anyway.
Clippers-go figure! Congrats-but my loyalty is always
I never go downtown...and people are really trying to convince me to go downtown this weekend...NATO weekend?
I WANT SUMBODY TO TWEET FOR ME
congrats on by the way... exciting!
we're glad you found us and thanks for sharing!
A fatwa on any form of this coupling: Beautiful Disaster, Happy Tragedy, Lovely Death, etc. It's not poetic, deep or clever. It's LAME.
um that's so cool. How did you create such magic
What is your biggest marketing challenge?
Thanks for sharing our content. We enjoy seeing how certain verticals are using different channels.
still doing euro…
Been thinking about Sara and her family today. Memories that will last a lifetime.
CBO Dir agrees #ExtendUI promotes economic growth. Will Rs listen or obstruct measures that benefit Americans and economy...
At School Of Rock to teach the kids, then off to a show with The Shotskis Jam Band! We play 8-12! Everyone come out!
I'm officially one of those crazy dog people. I go to the dog park once a day, I talk to my dogs every minute & I swear they know about what
OUR BEING IS IN HIM (Acts 17:27-28) Live, move and exist in us Father God. We trust you and love you. #Sir Court
Good morning big gray clouds and rain. I've got my hot cocoa, so I love you.
If I had a dollar for each time delayed my missoni order, I'd be able to afford to buy it off of EBay instead.
cigarette style for sure!
Congrats, Doug! What a fantastic opportunity.
Still not sure what other solutions Nance offers
Boy watches Smurfs. Girl watches Dr. Seuss on the Loose. Occurs to me that Paul Winchell (Tigger) is also Gargamel and friend of Sam I Am.
- May 23, will be the release of the video, I will keep that in mind no doubt!!
BEST KIDS SHOW EVER! Yo Gabba Gabba Live! My daughter even rocked out!
Check out - They have great #dailydeal specials and 10-20% of the profits go to local #SanDiego nonprofits!
go to YouTube and listen to 'Austin long wanted' you will deeply enjoy it!
Nope he snuck over here
it only should show when you are clicked onto a timeline post so no-worries
I LUV JUSTIN BIEBER!
Thank you! We appreciate your RT's
#worlds50best restaurant awards last night London. 47 of 50 chefs on the list are present. The 3 no shows? Francais. Is that a surprise?
Now matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug and someone to tell her it's alright.
Reminder: in order to allow to join us to talk Main Street, the #builtheritage chat will be NEXT Weds (4/11)at 4:00 EDT.
ahh! good idea! :)
worked for me ok.. i thought the same thing and it turned out i made a silly mistype.. good luck!
Where da hot muzik at out here????
Good morning;)
So you duck down and hide where the gas peddles are...
whys that?
I was checking out some pictures from your 15th birthday party. you were looking very classy. oh & how can I forget the cane?
u r nvr on here punk!!!
we should go to the aquarium, i have never been! haha
Tonight sara and taylor are going to do a cover of weightless by all time low and if we succeed we will post the video
she just did my whole algebra exam study guide to study from while I just chilled there, and then have Neal a talking to
Niggas is lame man, straight up B.A.N.'s.
Nope, thanks for the follow-up.
Am i supposed to
Our website is under construction, sorry......
If I tweet something and nobody reads it, is it still a tweet?
#LasVegas right now, Portland tonight, Boise tomorrow... It's gonna be a busy 24 hours! Side-note; Excited for #iOS5 next week!
On time to work for the second day in a row! Go me:)
damn you waited this long
everything hurts
Uggh why is it so hot?
Marshawn Lynch just went BEAST MODE on Philly! Insane run!
I actually spin more in the summer..perfect thing to do in the sunshine on my deck!
oh darn, I was hoping to be the one learning from the experienced folks :)
Pleasure to meet you , fellow Houstontian.
just ask ok well how are you so inspiring is it your hair your eyes or just you im still trying to figure out
ah you rock!
I was thinking about the noodles. But I know you're missing a good California roll right now. *pour out a little miso*
I'm not very good at all of these internet sites..but I'm learning.
what up James? Miss ya. I'll b at phish AC 6-16, you?
is excited to purchase CodeBaby but not too happy about the cost...
Awww hehe...I am after a long day
sure!! Thank you! Happy Holiday Weekend as well! :)
Just let me know when! He misses auntie Dawn!
I'd pay double to untaste that meal. Thanks
If there are things you do not agree with, God will make them clear to you - Philippians 3:15
yeahh bc my mom came. Ell oh ell
Its official Im comitted to Celtic FC
saw u on tmz tonight. loved it
Do you think the tax brackest should be reworked?
thank you for the RT!
Can we please stop blaming Bobby Brown!
Dear Big 12, once again, Cards prove a better program than WVU, same as in football. Must have been the burning couches.
Pledgeship looks like its going to happen.
hahaha!!! Aahhh the visual is wonderful...thanks for that! I hope that dream comes true for you!
#genius an ice cream place (delicious) open till late
thanks for the follow! Love that you're reppin' Boston!
Thanks & yes we are - Theresa <3
She said iconic boyz.....dead.
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
Jeffrey C. Ferhman, Vice President of Integreon has accepted a position on OLP's Board of Governors. We welcome Jeffrey aboard!
I rarely get star struck anymore. But it happened again today :)
YES WE ARE! Lol And no need for an apology, it's okay, movie nights alone are the best. Lol
Sounds fun, never made it to Dubai but I have been to Bahrain and Kuwait. Write you when I can! :) hope your holidays were great!
nice! Maybe you need people to test them out first? Lol ;)
"Basically your a queer!"
My sister bought it for me! D: LOL RT : DA FUCK ARE JEW DOIN @ SONIC WITHOUT ME!?
I'll take hugs instead ;-)
Just talked to Chaka Khan. Shocked to find out she's shy & doesn't listen to music. See our chat Friday AM
First #Packer game of the season!! $2 pints and $3.25 Huge Mugs!! 8 HD big screens!!! The brand new Brass Monkey #Milwaukee 700 East Layton!
Follow Successipes and send press releases to
thanks for the follow! Have been enjoying your work!
Have you checked out "Dancing in the Kitchen"?! It's wonderful- my Goddaughter loves it! available at www.mymunchbug.com
thanks! Lol ik it's been way to long!
#true ": YOU have the ability to change YOUR life, it's YOUR life."
Especially when you refer to Weegham Park, not Weeghman.
LOL! That's awesome.
It isn't weird, i'm a very lovable guy! :P
Saw talk about "Touch" this week & now see a pic of my 2yr old niece drawing on a tablet instead of a coloring book
Budget results are starting to come in from across Long Island. Make sure you're following for all results.
Taking credit for limiting scoring in the 4th quarter is like Al Roker taking credit for sunshine.
made it through another 2-hour, double session of water aerobics this morning and I'm feeling GREAT!
was just thinking the same thing...
Lol I used to run a 5:30am boot camp & I hated it. Perhaps that's why. Easier to participate than TEACH class that early!
Pitching a tent and camping for the very first time...in 's backyard...fun times
Auf wiedersehen #fbf11. Ready to go home and get to work on the great projects we found this year.
09/14/2011 - Students Night at Qdoba Mexican Grill Students receive FREE Chips & Queso after 5 p.m. with purchase of an entree
Ill be your shot of whiskey
Think I have to root for the Preds now. Good luck
Beer drinkers have bigger waistlines than all other drinkers. No, I don’t know why.
Uhm , girl get yo boyfriend before he be wearing a toe tag !
Excited to deliver new MiniBük titles at #NSA11 #influence11 for
I can't fkn sleep for the life of me! I have a feeling this is going to piss my day off. Urg! C'est la vie!...
I love you, Not only for what you are, But for what I am when i'm with you.<3
At the Digital Humanities Commons with all the other nerds. I think I just heard an OCR joke.
can i have a shoutout please?! love u :*
how's the mbp treatin' ya?
RT: The song Taylor Swift will write when the guy from Glee dumps her is going to suck a pile of burned dicks.
You called an email of ours SPAM! SPAM is unsolicited! You are a registered member Jon!
I know! Have you taken advantage?!
Growth and development are vital keys in measurement of one's progress in life and in sports.
Senators focused on killing giants
Well that was a waste of time
thanks for the follow, I look forward to reading your comments about Chicago.
Just found out that PA Lt. Governor, Jim Cawley is coming to our office on Friday! What to wear, what to wear??
I support any article that uses the word 'quango'
#frankie the new class pet!!!
Lol...i like white meat...lol. well he's tryin!:-)
Happy St Patty's. Errands, performance in VA, back in time to maybe make it out???
My muse has returned. I missed her so much!
Cannot wait to get out of Knoxville on Wednesday!
My biggest fear is loosing you
#bucks thats better
Why did you put a two? Is that just to make fun of my accent?
Bull. Crap. -______-
I will! Love you Mandy!
good work bud. I'm impressed.
Stargazing with cupcakes! A perfect Friday night!
if you're eating skittles, then you're wrong.
6 weeks until a week in SoCal...can't come soon enough.
The one featured on the #FB page. :)
We'll be sending out our Political Courage Test to congressional candidates in GA, TN, KS, MI, MO, WA next week. Tell ur reps!
Oh, you have to check it out. Takes some time to set up, but then you score free eBooks any time you want them.
#ThrowBackSongs I decided by R. Kelly, Downlow R. Kelly.
That went fast!! Really fast. I'm really good. Recording some new songs today :)
good luck with the travels, nicole!
Congratulations. 6 years will go by real fast, too.
love NE! I did a program at the Durham in Omaha. What is a "google-certified teacher?"
The Great Online on radio today 11:00AM to 11:30AM MST -listen on 560 AM in Denver or via Internet stream at www.560thesource.com
About to bus home, I'm driving over. Soon baby<3
pretty cool article. Slightly surprising!
Beach soon......... Going to the #1 beach in america YEAH BUDDY. gotta love florida!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Hey, thanks! I dig the site. Where are you based out of?
What if I told you we have a new song coming out soon...
Late night up with fam
Terrible night and ik won't see what I tweeted him a min ago, his last status made me thing that, anyways just a terrible day
The Conger Hypothesis: In any non-arbitrarily chosen group of people, there are assholes.
Rainy Sunday just staying home and chilling listening to
Matthew Sag from Loyola Chicago Law. Digitization to build stuff & analyze of text. Orphan status not of primary interest
I LOVE LADY GAGA! Wish I was there!! Have fun!
The fact that I have the same locker neighbor for the next 2 years <<<<<
Mikey way
I have less than 0 motivation today. It's unfortunate given I really need to get an IRB mod through so I can run a focus group soon. Meh.
I hope things are going well for you.
Did you know many times suicide cleanup is covered by renters/homeowners insurance? Cleanup after a homicide may be covered by the State.
Our reporter is at Terminal 2- he says they are letting people back in. listen for updates at 7:09
IOWA VOTE RON PAUL!
I was thinking about it
Does anyone have suggestions for casting workshops or actors workshops? Please let me know!
We have a new location in the works for next year, still a secret until it is finalized! We are excited about it.
sexy + husky= susky
We're looking for a few more water-loving people to try out our new waterproof iPod nano. Who's interested!?
think I saw ninja and got excited lol
hey you in Chicago? I'm there Thursday-next Tuesday! Mostly work trip but would love to meet up.
Jerk that smoke.wagon and see what happens! I said throw down boy!
I'm deleting my tumblr today. Fuck that shit. Nothing is worth that much discomfort.
Throwing blocks on tweeters like some MMA shit. Don't DM me unless you're serious
When are you moving to Florida?
Had a catchup talk with my bf and then a FaceTime catchup with my bfgf . Simply said,
I've seen these Lexus Christmas commercials countless times and I remain stunned at just how tone-deaf and obnoxious they are.
my iPhone app, just like last year, was too glitchy.
Volunteered in the kids classroom yesterday- 1st kid, "multiplication is fun!" 2nd kid, "yea, fun like swimming with sharks!"
today's scones are off the hook!
The 80's had the best music.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. -Gordon B. Hinckley
do u evr get my tweets??? Just wondering
U2 with or with out you SO SICK! Club is Raging right now
Having a tough time watching the #JuniorSeau coverage.
If their loyalty is real then they should be there for you regardless if you're wrong or right.
Oh wow! I'm gonna be busy for the next few months, back to back! Can't say anything yet but it'll be fun! Maybe a 3rd one can work too! :)
Haha that's what I thought! :b
Dex: 'Manuscript' is probably the classiest place to hide the word 'anus.' Me: Oh Geez Dex......
6 hours in the air and the iPad still has 65% battery remaining. Wow!
nope. Just the product of restless nights and nonsleeping children and only being able to access the world through digital means
awww!haha so cute! i cant wait till belly can talk to me more!
my high school classmates presume. :)
The forecast is predicted to be Sunny with a high of 77 degrees on Sunday---Beautiful game-day weather!
Sad part about it is when some of their hangovers wear off, some of them are still stupid enough to think it was cool to do
you going to Mtsu? And you will have fun there lol especially if you love to party
Make sure to let me know if you do come to LA. I would love to see you.
RT : We work 2 connect synagogue life & #jewishcamp year round - helping to guide community members' Jewish journeys
and Erin and I were speculating what A was going to wear as well. Something fabulous for you I;m sure!
Why do you think you have so many male followers? Please crank up the scolding.
I am so sad about it. I feel helpless.
Man stays saying Hedos name all fucked up. Pronouncing every letter calling him Turk-o-glu
m.... high hanging fruit
Nuggets come out of the gate strong but LA weathers the storm after first quarter Nuggets lead 30-20 feels like it should be more
#PFPayphone keep watching it, over and over again. YOU GUYS BETTER PLAY THIS ON THE SANCTUARY TOUR!!!!
my friend dedicates so many hours daily to keep fresh content coming -- I am implementing this asap!
Come kick with me and my friends :D
Can't wait to get my hands on TAP during my visit on Wed. Looking fwd. to meeting
Thank goodness for nice weather.
I've said it b4 n I'll say it again, when it comes to rap is da truth hands down
“: I yell and scream at video games when I lose.”
Derby is looking like mid 80's with a chance of the 90's? Heat index in mid 90's? Guess it'll be flip flops and shorts for Derby.
Flashdance? Not getting the lyric though.
WARNING- The YouTube channel taemmojang is stealing passwords with a phishing site. Please inform people!
Just a few more days until and I play Hillcrest. Come out and support!
#OMTL I Want To See Abduction! It Looks Awesome.!
If you need a last minute Christmas gift....look for the Casting Crowns Christmas album. Amazing!
I am also loving the new Google Drive.
Had to skip the acro jam tonight. The rain was really bad. Oh well, maybe next week.
I know how you feel Bill. It's a whole new bag.
bonnalog not your 60s festival huge rvs catwered dinner nba finals on large screen
has learned to stop worrying and love the bug queue
Community mapping has a strong impact on youth and recreation in not just Milwaukee but everywhere
I'm in a bit of a pickle now.
#ReplaceStoneSourSongWithMustard "Mustard Road"
Indies & efforts like making progress on Heinz 57 hyperlocal model. Analyze tools, services for indies. Quit wasting time on Patch
so much emotion.
Buenos dias miami and all of Latin America most attractive live video chat line so u can keep in touch with fam,friends & make new friends.
Gonna miss having around El Paso though
I work to hard to be ballin on a budget
THIS IS A DEMO TWEET
Please wish good luck at her cheer competition <3333
Sorry for the delay, high maintance, I'm not sure if I can go I think I might actually be in DC that weekendRT I texted you -_-
Heres to not sleeping tonight.. Excited for President Obama's speech!
OBAMA 2012...I've got his back and he has mine!
Me too. I blame Perez Hilton. And Pinterest.
when do you come back??
New iPad review will be out shortly! I think I did a much better job this time!
TONIGHT WHEN I LOOK INTO THE SKY, I KNOW THIS IS WHY I AM ALIVE<3
It's Taco Night!!!!! Mojo braised pork tacos, black beans & rice. YUMM!
The best you could hope to be is now just a bittersweet memory.
oh hello welcome to the family
A thousand times: WORD. I can't wait to see what the rest of the year brings.
actually PBR warms the heart.
My back looks like I was attacked with a knife. Not to worry, just a drunk guy pushing me into shrubs. Effing hurts so bad!
Guy w/ movement bracelet just asked the teach whether or not women could get pregnant if someone jizzed around the outside of a vagina -_-
Tamron..your're trending...Cudos to you!
you don't even know I exist, ha.
nothing wrong with that
I agree it is sad but I do think the networks jumped on the stories with a competitiveness I find a little sickening.
haha nice! Thank you :)
We can't become such a society where you can't call crazy - crazy.
All finished with the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy. What now?!....
Begun the excitement has! ORIGAMI #YODA and DARTH PAPER STRIKES BACK author Tom #Angleberger here he will be this Saturday! 1:30pm!
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out..
lol is the final hard so far.?
Still grounded?
If you can't do two things at once...don't try to
finally I can get "Air Bud: Curling Canine" off the ground.
Calvin Johnson deserves every penny of that money he's a beast
very nice!
I DO
Dr sue needs sleep.......
Pop, Pop, Flip, Flip, Look who's in town? Meitrack in in Mexico! Yes, this is our slogan for Expo Transporte 2011.
Iran Begins Nuclear Talks With Six Nations Talks between Iran and six world powers about the aims of its nuclear-enrichment program began
RT if you're bored. D;
Fights over male pattern baldness? I'm busting out my bands now. Who got the right blow?RT : Brento's right blow made my night
Ouch those two loses hurt but it's cool next game we're coming better then ever
lmao honestly that was terrible but hysterical! Were gonna be reunite w the place next month ahhaahah
just grab a burger and a shake from Kopps
My personal assistant is using Siri
GOOD MORNIN MALIK :-) I KNO RIGHT!!! I BEEN BUSY!!! ITS BEEN LONG!!!!! GLAD ITS OVA :-) HOW BOUT URS???
#quidam, #strippers, booze . . .,what now?
you, sir, did not tweet me back.
Congrats Darius.. Most Deserved RT : Thank God for all he's done for me an mine.. Truly blessed!!
Hm .. click the part that begins with FB--that works for me, at least. (Nice to see you here, Marc!)
I love this! Not seeing Baby's Day Out either :(
A human being is a being who is constantly 'under construction,' but also, in a parallel fashion, always in a state of constant destruction
I think I'm the only person I know who likes going to the laundry mat.
Both put on by Tiny Fists: Activist Parents Traveling w Music, Workshops, & Babies
Exactly. Blackhawks fans will get REALLY hammered if we lose tomorrow.
Students are starting to ask about applications.
what happened?
Thats adorable... I remember when I was four.
Gonna go work out now... to nuthin' but Beastie Boys.
haha thanks bro
she's doing payroll at a company called transwestern in the loop. likes it a lot.
Is that David Wu on the left? lol
Just saw the weed guy from high school wearing a suit on subway. I want to think finance job,but he's probably just coming back from court.
We get around haha
Crying because 1D is coming to my city in Summer 2013. YES.
Fletcher said people told him there was no one left to support him after DeMaio got the far right, and Dumanis got the establishment:
RT : " Tonight: are tonight, 7:30p! Opening artist: Arctic Monkeys." E can't wait!
#Romney not doing as well in #VTprimary as I anticipated. #Gingrich dominates #GAprimary as expected.
End it and find your happiness. Fill the voids. Don't stay in it because ur afraid u wont find another...chances are that you won't!
Goodluck!!! RT Core core core good luck to me!!
On my best days, I never homo as hard as , , and hetero.
I thought this account was NFL32 not MLB32
Thanx for nothing but a spin job! Yet another disappointment - This loser deal IS something to CRY about!
No one Wants to be in the picnik college for Austin ?
I share you share yes?
I've said it before, Soriano has been a bust since coming to the
It's like the old adage: An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Although I think that ratio is a bit conservative.
#omniture release disrupting our training session! the nerve! :)
No way McGehee makes that throw.
did your student id not work to get the front door unlocked this time?
good ol felisha isn't too happy
We were created as a spirit that is pure love.
just me kitty and Louie over here...
Thanks for the follow!
RT : Am I really an asshole?
We need a video summit for B2B media. There has to be more than editor interviews at tradeshows.
Nah, it doesn't suck any wiener. And that's not my fault for your boredom. That's your fault for not having a cure for it. :p
Pippa Middleton 's Fay Trench Transitions to Winter Weather You know how some girls have the best dresses, and other ladies have a killer
grab some cool chahckas in my home town :)
Good morning, school time :/
Cant wait for my vacation.
Not doing sponsorship ATT. Thanks for the support!
I've had people ask me why I wear an ARMY shirt. It's 2 honor my father, grandfather, former players of mine, & the ones serving our country
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in.
yeah always (:
Really? Ronaldo and Kaka both mess up?!
i been busy with skoool..
You said a mouth full Mike.
bitch u kno as well as i do we're both drinking as we speak, we're alcoholics, the ??? is when are we drinkin together =) lol
but your going!!
Welcome to twitterverse!
awesome video!
Last night, I had a dream we found out who stole our Browns table and took it back.
I cannot DM you for some reason It is legit, no virus. I set it up today to help w tuition :)
I will try to come thru and support
Yu take my breath away .
THANK YOU
"Chow" mein - Hold the Orange Chicken.
But I will miss being an egghead...made me feel smart! :)
I'm Ready To Have This Baby !
two invites to sb parties where there will be outstanding food. what is funny is neither of these parties likes pro football, hah.
That was really scary
just talked to him tonight. They're headed to Terrell for some culture and entertainment & I don't mean Wal Mart.
Tess just said "oh narts"..what does that even mean&where did she come up with that?
#shitfangirlssay i love them more then you. So stfu.
dont say that al sharpton will get u
lololol welcome to my tweetin party party party
"Nothing I see can be taken from me"
Yes! Just signed up. RT : Hey, Mike! Are you going?
if i fall , can you let me down easy ?
You're something special & that will never change.
Sounds just like us :)
Today's adventure learning class focuses on the socil side of location with emphasis on mobile technology and geolocation apps. Fun!
You guys rock! Jordan, I remember watching you back in A'dam at 'Boom Chicago' shows! Super proud of you guys!
great to meet you. Lets hand out socks in Seattle too. Seriously. Go Ms!
You should watch five seasons of the Wire and the "Real Housewives" franchise first.
Ok algebra time. Don't unfollow me just ask for a follow back. Bye (: x
aww...you two are awesome :)
you know you're kind of a big deal when the company foots the bill for your BK Broiler
Wheatley: Got impression that Wisconsinites went thru potentially life-shifting experience this winter, in terms of politics
Hate to jinx it but the #Royals have been looking pretty damn good over the past couple weeks
my name is Courtney!:)
Metabolism is a mean mistress...
SHUT UP YOU'RE THE SMALLEST LIVING HUMAN, and that's including all the babies that were born three seconds ago.
I'm not trying to take this government test right now.
thanks miss :-)
Hey - Have you heard of all the love the Internet is showing 9 y-o ? Perhaps y'all can contribute some $ and <3?
will do man thanks for checking us out!
love ya to
Bad news travels fast.
enter to win! 1.5 hours left to enter, winner will be selected at 3:00 pm..who is excited for the Galaxy vs. RSL??
haha i just turned 14 in march :)
#il2011 the face-off is to librarians what wait-wait-don't-tell-me is to NPR
#SDBlackout lead me to all my secrets. And I'm disappointed and thrilled @ the same time
Nice!! RT Waiting patiently for the flash sale to start
don't feel bad they just ran into the leagues MVP tonight. Tony Parker!! Kobe would not have made a difference. I'm sorry
i don't sparkle. remember? we've been over this.
I believe in the power of finding your VOICE in WRITING! Join us for "IGNITE THE WRITER WITHIN!" Tele-Course! www.wppiuignite.com
Thanks for the RT!
Hoping to hit 60 followers by the end of the weekend. Sitting at 59 number. Let's go #Brewers fans!!
I am not going to get a good GPA this semester
working out again today!!
"Homosexual desire is a desire for the same from the perspective of a self already identified as different from itself."
Standing ovation greets Cal Ripken Jr. at Fred Hutch Luncheon cc:
March Madness, playing with a two year old and working on theatre things. A great day!
Partying with , , and
The nations leading scientists predict that 90% of all shower curtains are uggo
you're back in D.C.! Vacation?
Lets go sporting
DC with FLEX. fun!
Haircut bound!
#LiesIveToldMyParents they changed my schedule I dont have 1st period anymore
solita of course! No doy! ;p Not fibroids, just a hormonal shift o.O My body is aging. My biological clock is ticking!!!!! D:
diners. drive ins n dives.
About 27 hours away from the next Apple event & I don't know what to expect. What will happen?
I know I've said this before, but the "Keep Calm and . . ." variations HAVE. TO. STOP.
Jason Dufner eyes first win in New Orleans
“Lost & Found,” LVA’s new exhibition, explores how the loss and discovery of items affects personal and collective memory.
What's conversation if a niqqa can't just HIT sumn' ?
I WISH.
Before the new year theres no better way than whatch the top 100 videos of 2011 on BET
#prezi it is!
Wendy thanks for the RT
It didn't say, but I assume so.
Thx so much for the mention and RT!!!
my legs hurt like ASHJFDHJSHDUKNHJKFHJDK,,
RT this if ur a hot pinoy and you wanna tweet me..:p
NO WAY!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. ~ Groucho Marx
Bro Whats God Baby Welcome 2 Twitter Lets Get It
great show tonight
i'll be fine.
hahah! Too funny! No you have to tell me thoughh!
Enjoying learning HTML5 and JavaScript. #Microsoft visual studio is a pretty sweet editor.
Omfg, my aunt always has to make shit about her. STOP STEALING THE LIMELIGHT BECAUSE YOUR DAUGHTERS AREN'T AS AWESOME AS MY SISTERS!
Hearty breakfast of beef jerky and Dr. Pepper
Jus started fuckin wit Twitter again tryna get my followers back up
Nice line by Bill Destler today on : “This may be a big building but it’s mostly air” (#RITHockey arena—cautiously optimistic)
some crazy lady is screaming about gang bangers and flash mobs in the laundrymat... And Jesus. I think she is actually praying right now.
Just smashed my shoulder n arm into the darn door frame. Hurts like a B! So how's everyone elses evening?
July 25 against the Yankees with a 12:40pm start time would be good. Maximum exposure for Felix and the Mariners.
#315 I'm coming through today for my 2nd bday celebration! Lemme hear the new jam "Without You" on the radio al weekend!!!
OMG! My Meghan just twitted something else about the Walking Dead, second pair of shorts I change tonight.
Everyone needs clean drinking water! That is why Clear2Go bottles w/ filters make excellent gifts for the holidays!
And that's what it's all about! Thanks Bill.
feel better! I'm looking forward to Hollywood week!!
I hope you enjoy The Monuments Men. Thank you for spreading the word about their unprecedented role in preserving history!
If I were a woman, I'd change my name to Alma Webinar.
Thanks for RTing us!
I'm very good
There's only two types of people in this world: People who smoke weed and people who need to chill the fuck out.
Thanks for helping us share the word :)
": A #Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate."
Councilman Cardenas: "We're all focused on getting out children back to school" -- LAPD, school police, schools
No matter how many strategies you use, you won’t get fit if you aren't having fun. If you don't enjoy traditional workouts, try a class!
New drinking game: Take 1 shot every time you see a dick on Omegle. Catch: The game can only humanly last for 10 mins.
I videochatted with my friend and her new baby in Uganda last night. So no complaints about the Internet today, OK?
Just dominated a blind guy 21-0 in washers @ Freddie's Place! You think that's low? You should see our prices!!!
so exciting
Liking all the tweets and SD representation at #BWELA! Wish I was there!
Rethinking my desire to teach college.
"Oh Baby we can go (go) low (low) low ya"
There should be an office zoo.
if i called the radio station and got to talk to i would not no what to say...i would should like a idot :(
make it fun and Work hard
*Misses RT to kill battery by 5 min* RT : 5% when I wake up, where's my charger
sitting in class reading all your tweets and trying not to lol. MISH YOUU keep being silly
ok :) i would really mean a lot if I could tiny chat with them :) don't worry, Dave will come
Can the #Brewers pen ever protect a big lead? Brewer fans melt down begins now
My friend needs job ideas. Any suggestions??
new idea for making running better: get your kid to make a playlist for your ipod. so fun! many remakes by cast of glee... i felt glee...
Happy Birthday
yes a very wise guy :)
It has returned! Bottling #EstateGrown 2009 #CabernetFranc today. Stop in and taste a glass right from the bottler. Cheers!
Registered the domain. New email=
#haveuever Logged into Facebook, log back out, then log back in. Same with Twitter...
I'm using #MobileVOIP, install the free app on your iPhone, Symbian or Android and make cheap calls!
And what does that mean????
Happy Thanksgiving, to everyone, very thankful for family, friends, and my twitter friends. God Bless!!
I AM LEGEND - PAT FORD*
#AustinTo700K !! <<< TREND THAT!(:
I feel so safe and secure knowing that Metro's New York Ave station manager is on top of things today..
dont remind me the past!
#vsa2011 I <3 social media, and you should too! Or hire someone who does ;)
contemplating how the same government that can't fix the DMV is going to run the big auto companies
probably but you knew Goodell was coming down hard to set an example. Player punishments won't be pretty
good job Tony
Just got an email asking if I wanted poker advertising on BotB. Sure do! I'll just give you Admin access & let you do whatever you want!
I think a lot.
My name not DICK so keep my name out ur mouth !!!
Hey Brother ! It is suppose to be this month. I am keeping a good eye on it . U can count on me letting U know !
I just played the word TWAT on Words with Friends.
Follow the FLW Lake Hartwell action at
Rone is definitely an artist to keep an eye on. Everything about his work is beautiful.
Free internet access in airports makes me ridiculously happy.
I strt on monday august 29 :o im super nervoous for high school D:
im not gonna leave til like september i think « you can't leave yet!»
hahaha no way did he just kick me outta class.
btchy dropped hers in the toilet and is dealing with the aftermath.
Enjoying Arizona!
Just took a look at it today!!! Nice!!!!
Poetry & Prose featuring the Shrimp Boat Project Monday, October 24th at 5:30pm...
#brewers beast mode in Milwaukee
I'm such a nice person ( :
RT : "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Robert Frost
im gunna ask my parents tomorrow morning.. Dude that sucks que no te dejaron ir..
Looking forward to being there this Saturday!!!!!
LAST CALL to RSVP for "Cappy's Travel Carnival"- with Tomorrow! Don't miss out on great prizes & networking opportunities!
This is absolutely contagious !! Just sent 2 surprise pep emails. I've got a couple more peps to do today!
We don't have a video feature built out yet, so an admin has to switch the html from filtered to unfiltered.Video is up now. Thanks!
Shout out to Double Flush, Brandon Miles, Girlz Gone Wild :) last night. That was truely one for the books at LoCash! JC
Hello people!!
i Won contest to go to the bully movie premire omq screaming my ass off CANT BELIEVE IT OMG THANKS YOU GUYS SO MUCH
second networked book & inspiration for digress.it --> "holy of holies", m. stevens
thank you! I'm renting a house with an AWFUL WHITE kitchen! Def need pointers!!
RT : City of Milwaukee --- SENIOR WATER TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR application period extended through TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2012.
I slept for 15 hours, and i only wanted to sleep for 8. .
Hey I was wondering if I know you? I think you might be an old friend of mine??? Did you used to live around Dallas and Woodlands?
learn those backroads!
ATTENTION Moms and Dads "Child Support" isn't just something you "Pay" (Monetarily) its something you "Do and Give".Spend QT with ya kids!
um yeah right you wish. Lol. U going to a&b?
What happened?
I have steelers jersey on, my son put on his colts. Whats up with that?
What's up Puffy?
Lots of big egos on stage + trying to score political points = great entertainment.
2X the Fun!!! Southern Tier Night & starting at 8PM Skype Session with Phin, Founder & Brewer.
yu turned into a stranger
RT : Baltimore was a parking lot this morning, which made the bike ride in fun as hell.
World's most inconvenient trend: giant headphones. ...But, where do you put them when not being used?
I love it when I get the unexpected "I miss you" phone call :)
Just go go go
he can't go to every city? He's already had a concert in NYC & It turned out well so he's going back.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that wonders that....
Thanks, #Pep, for four great years.
Be it a sign, a co-incidence, #serendipity, #synchronicity…I can't explain. But it took me here. On the path to myself.
thanks so much! We've gotten some great entries! I am going to go take a look at your website. Happy Sunday to you!
Getting my tattoo draw up tomorrow. pretty freakin stoked :)
check your voicemail homie!
alrightyy ill do it when i have time (: and then send it to youu.
u got a better chance winning the mega millions than Hendrick getting 200 wins
watching folks fall all over each other to pay big bucks for fancy noodle bowls is kind of amazing.
horrible bosses!
Nice! What part of Cali? That's my homeland. :)
Maaaahomies,where you be at? Haven't you noticed Austin has been lonely, or acting strange? We should trend #CheerUpAustin (: k? K, Mahomies
true that hahaha
Rub the kitten with catnip, then reward the jealous cat with a treat every time she shows acceptance.
My pre-ordered copy of Jonathan Franzen's new novel "Freedom" came in the mail today. Sweet.
I love u guys! please follow me nd messeage me it'll be my DREAM!! Im ur #1 Fan ever since ABDC XD
People who tell me how to live my life are hilarious.
Veterans Across America needs more volunteer mentors to help veterans get jobs. To learn more, email me
That must be one giant blender to fit all those kids, chickens and bunnies.
Beaded 3D Star Charm with tutorial! (Bead Jewelry Making) Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Beading Stories , RSS Feed
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
Oh. That's dumb. People can express themselves however they want.
Don't waste your vote on an "imaginary candidate"...you may as well not vote!
Only 15 minutes left to vote before the polls close. Have you cast your ballot?
I absolutely dread going into Bath & Body Works. They ask of you need help every 5 damn seconds.
I can teach you to #beatbox !!!
I agree to all of those.
The definition of [GRACE] is the "manifestation of favor". Jesus is grace given to us by God. He is the manifestation of favor. Wow.
you should get 2-handed landscape going as soon as you can. It's amazing.
i'm not sure there's a Dline coach in the league I trust more (as far as the 3-4 goes..). I have similar faith as in Baldwin...
Happy Mother's Day to all the good and proud mothers out there. Its the perfect weather for y'all day. Enjoy
annual reviews?
Aw, man. I thought ours was bad, but it's only at 64,000%
OH: "isn't saying someone went ape shit just a more vulgar way of saying they're bananas?"
I have given my 15 yr. old granddaughter a job. Read. I will pay for proof that she has read books from our home library. Up to $500.
thanks! I did think of that, but nt every image needs rotating. Freqt enough to make creating batches more trouble than it's worth!
you're so impatient. Like I'm trying to make money........ -_____-
Zombie Apocalypse on the 21st? Maybe, since the CDC is advising on the matter...
I dont care about the how I just want to
Learned something new by watching NCIS tonight. When people are lying, they look down and to the left. Now what do I do when I see that?
follow and please :D x36
Hey lovely ladies - stop by and enter to win a copy of #Le Chic Cocoon by Sweet reminder to care for ourselves too. :)
What about the McLassie? Was it McLuscious?
hi Andrea! I appreciate your RT yesterday and spreading the word about my web development opening!
Headed home from work. ,
Dont think about it be about it
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
Fear and loathing in COS for Congressman Lamborn.
Must be tweet watching... As usual
Enjoyed following the tweets :) Do it more often!
damn him .. we're officially done w/ him ^_^
And I proved my love by buying nothing more than a (lovely) $4 photo from a second-hand store.
Happy Friday ! !
#ObamaInHistory Not only discovered 7 more states he also found a new earthquake region thru Washington DC called Bush's Fault. RT”
Praying for people in Dallas...I don't want to ever know what that feels like.
Why dudes be lying about there occupations...
Black folk died to get the shackles off our wrists and ankles, only for us to willingly put them on our minds.
RT : Polls are now closed in most of Indiana. Let the counting begin.
Excellent night seeing !!!
I just read it. That's great! Great find!
Your rental doesn't have the wobbler horn?
how much would you be willing to compensate? Aside from music, we are in the laundry folding business!
Thanksgiving is will be here before you know it come get a new look for half the price !
I believe Dennis has been talking to them, I was a bit involves in the early stages
Rutgers really pressuring USF, 5 shots in the half, none on goal, one finding post. Let's GO BULLS! Get some pressure on the other end
Bricktown Bar Crawl from OU or UCO campus will run Halloween night for $15 each! Call to set reservation for 10 or more pass. 447-2446
In honor of national Volunteer Week, we would like to say a special thank you to our 200+ dedicated volunteers who help us out year-round!
yeah, I didn't have the heart to correct you. re: Harassing / Harnessing
Ain't nobody I know win the lottery
a who won that fight
Wouldn't be surprised to see #betterpassesthanrudygay..what was that?
Hope you enjoy your food. What are you thinking about getting?
Groundbreaking ceremony for A.T. Still University's Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health is tomorrow, March 15 @ 10:30 am. Join us!
I must be dreaming because everything I see here is fake...
UK... #GOCATS #BeatLouisville RT : Great game. Who u got? Uk or louisville?
Take it to the limit one more time
Welcome new FUELers from The Bon Ton Stores!
this homemade cake tho >>>> oh yeah !
I have never been this prepared for a Math exam in my life.. Is it Friday yet?
Thailand tour 2012 is underway! Check it out at Matt Adams Magic on Facebook.
thank you! #winning #tasteof8 this calls to be included in my skinny-do list asap!
"NO NO NO YES"
“: I love you Seven” suck up
Back to the basics....no time for bs!
God pushes me through all the pain and the weakness
Info lit assessment: ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance.
damn, shut up!
How an Introvert Used Social Media to Generate New Business and a New Career
excuse me! What are u talking about Jeremy?
gomez changed my life much I love you always sing your songs, please follow me in my twitter
Why does my sister have to be such a fucking bitch!!!
Baby giggles are the best. Impossible not to smile when she laughs and smiles
thank you! :)
Thank you. Migraines are the bane of my existence!
10% off just about everything on the site. Excludes MAP items, balls, and items already on Sale. Use coupon code SPRING12 at checkout.
just because there is FIVE that doesn't mean anything .
Kevin do you like DD or #SharkTank better?
do you have any tips for those over 40 looking to work with a recruiter and find a new career?
David's: a letter from a girl.
Totally new to this, and have absolutely no idea what I am doing. =)
Oh, c'mon Google. You like Tumblr tag pages for your search results?!?
it going well actually. Thanks for asking. I like your stuff very nice. We're just getting started. It's exciting.
not til after.
Informative day @ HBA expo. Eating vietnamese food as I read through all the information.
RT RT : If you make your past your present it will inevitably be your future.
Hint for tomorrow’s awesome deal: It’s a protein powder packed with 7 fast acting creatine to help you put on serious muscle mass…
Tate Forcier #5 - A Michigan Man Forever - Go Blue
Give Estrada credit: he pitched 6 very good innings, but his 1 bad one was disastrous.
After only 2 episodes, #HBO has renewed the #Baltimore filmed #VEEP for a second season!!
Starting the new year off by running out of time on an online assessment for a new job is probably a great omen.
IKEA town? Does that mean it's built entirely with an allen wrench?!
Freshman bball practice canceled today
sleeping in my mommy's bed >>>>>>>>
oh god, my followers probobly hate me for spamming
Dang it. Now I have to get used to Austin being in a different time zone than me.
Thanks for the hamburger drop Wendy's... but I'll just eat my fried rice w/ tofu
What baseball really needs is more Australian players. It would make my job even more funner than it already is.
cool things coming together for this spring... announcements soon!!!
roasting goat cheese with fig jam and spreading on water crackers with veuve champagne!
I'm working at the mickey d's but it isn't too bad I guess!!!! I can't wait to hang out again!
The dogs went back to bed and left me to watch #ahsfx alone!
might of just come up with the sickest beat of em all for the record.. rarely, and i do mean rarely do i impress myself..
Ease my troubles, that's what you do! RT : Have I told you lately that I love you?
RT Why is everybody so sensitive now a days?!? Everybody relax
Albert Einstein and I were born on the same day and that's where the similarities end.
Yes it is sir, yes it is!
I woke up feeling funny but not funny ha-ha.
Sharing allowed editors and reporters to find hotspots. Some turned the internal data into public interactives
I think that's what's so funny about him. What was the last episode u saw
your chances of becoming a guest blogger go up exponentially if you attach a blog post with your initial pitch
Today's #alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is -starts at 10am in the DCC Theater and Susan will be signing afterward.
If they're surprised they obviously don't know u very well..(I'm Just Sayin)
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
We are we are The Youth Of The Nation!
GOD is Good.......ALL the Time....Even if we break our promise
She is an amazing person!
What did you think of the Grammy's?
and who, precisely, is your daddy? wait, I think they got that one
Feeling so incredibly blessed to have the people in my life that I do. Xoxo
you bet! What email shall we send to? thanks!
WOW.. once more w feeling..wow
Then is definitely time to get it fixed!
A7"Great players make the plays theyre supposed to and a few more" Advice of bball coach, made major impact whn applied 2
Still shopping around for online/text polling service that has unlimited responses for free. Anything out there?
Product/service delivery appears in two camps: Either you are delivering an outcome on the cutting edge, or you are playing catchup.
Twitter, wants you to know about Deer Vibes + Golden Lights + This Old House + Maxx +Western Giants @ The Ten Eleven!
“: #whatifjuicyj drank lean wit the clippers before game time grizz would win clippers would be sleep lol”
I haven't been asked my name for the book! Any idea why? Is it due out soon?
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids
gawker posted a story about uggs and toe fungus. Lol
Level up.
Morning, tweeties! Live for everything and settle for Nothing.
RT Great fusion lunch with compliments of
There has really got to be a better term out there than "information literacy" when talking w/ faculty & admin.
i would like more info on how we can work together to fundraise towards my Church building fund
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
This storm needs to go away by tommorrow morning.
Whatever they're eating, it smells divine *grumbles then continues on with teasing the noble men*.
does Jorts go out with a triple double tonight???
Bush INT in SB. Good special teamer.
lucky!! D:
I'm so sore!!
No Selenski expert, but Alward's methods seem stranger. RT : None of his were near as impressive as Hugo Selenskis' one.
You see the sky cant be this gray forever, just fill your head with something clever.
Yeah? How'd you know this?
This day has felt long. Perhaps because I have a book at home begging to be read.
Everyone watch #runningwilde tomorrow so doesn't kill himself. He'll do it. He's serious.
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me till you drunk and I'll show you. All the moves like Jagger. I got the moves like Jagger.
Taking my daughter to a bday party.
hey whats up?
I hate embarrassing myself :(
I think you should come show your support
It was really nice out today. Oh winter, how you lower my standards.
you're probably right. I get why she's upset though. She didn't get to see her only daughter marry
There's nothing like a sale at Diesel! Praise his name..
There is no substitute for the creative inspiration, knowledge, stability that come from knowing how to contact your core of inner silence.
It was an honor and a privilege to welcome Justice Antonin Scalia to Nassau County this week.
#GOODNIGHT or should I say
Bad boy. Haha.
getting some paintings done and planning the October V&V magazine, viewsandvoices.com
true true!
Aroma's accidentally put 3 shots of espresso into my Americano (I asked for one). Luckily, they fixed it
I think I know who it is!!!
Yesterday, came across a great new program--Calle 16, a neighborhood public art program on 16 Street in Phoenix. They're doing great stuff!
So sleepy. I just want a nap but I have so much stuff I need to accomplish.
RT Many times the numbers are misleading. Int'l students from Asia are often included in the stats, masking experience of AAPIs.
im convinced most of yall need a life.... get it together...
Beautiful sunshine outside right now! What are your #Indy Saturday plans?
The fact that were already making summer plans >>>>>>>
Happy Friday everyone. We hope your ready for a great weekend.
Don't waste energy on things u have no control over
are there castings for ANTM cycle 18
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus :)
I'm a teacher, no commute, house and school have wi-fi. #NewiPad w/ or w/o #4gLTE - advice? What about gigs?
Gotta write that conference paper, gotta pay that rent, busy, busy, busy. But the powers that be say, "If you see something, say something."
Wonderful production and amazing performance of #Rinaldo, but for God's sake, would someone please unplug the smoke machine!
why are great shows like Community and Arrested Development so low-rated? i've never really understood it
It's #SOTU day! Expecting a busy day in the offices :)
Ministering at a pastors conference. this weekend. I love helping pastors encounter God & seeing them refreshed & renewed.
we baybay we live dangerously ;)
yea dude, i was thinking of looking into gigs there, spread my wings a little in the home country!
spoil me like an apple just cuz im his boo
I thought I wanted a long career, turns out I just wanted cash money.
David Stern on level of concern w Pacers attendance: it's being addressed by aggressive marketing, think you'll see continued uptick next yr
#WorldMusic #Beatles #NaNaNaNaNaNaYouSayit'sYourBirthday well happy birthday to you ;-)
Bad blood never dies. Some sins aren't meant to be forgiven or forgotten.
Packing...heading to Florida in the morning for a few days. Work + Pleasure, just like always.
..u touched my life yeah 1 day we'll look back we'll smile &we'll laugh But right now we just cry Cause it's so hard to say goodbye..
Did drinks at Zengo tonight, my Mac is home! Yeah
Isn't that the longest game of golf ever? I was snoozing in that part, too. The cards were much more exciting
the nfc south is STILL all tied up!
Kid at JFK: Mom,mom... What if we got back home and our house was just in flames. Mom: You've got a good imagination there. Son: maybe so
"Calvin's got a job... Hey Calvin." Lol I miss the Chappelle show
Success comes to those who work hard. To dream is not enough. Act on it. Do something.
Will plan better next time so I can see you all later!
Yep! What a hoot... RT am I watching you on Celebrity Apprentice?????
I kind of want some damn rice
Agreed, those flat bill hats are awful.
r u kidding me man, Romeo sux!
is developing a twitter strategy for a client who is a senior executive at a Seattle software company
Chillin with my best friend dani montero
Thank you!
u know I can't do the shots either...I don't act right lmao.
hey man ! One of our best yet. Fun night
are you raising your hand for everything?
Hopefully my day goes as i have planned for my mom. 😊☺👍I love my mommy! 💙
"This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen." - King Lear, 3.4
ouch! What did you get?
RT is a crook. We need to get rid of him, and take back the Senate in Wisconsin. r
Why? Cause we're loving the crew<3
So ready for and at Saturday night!!
“: Well I cried for no reason probably about 3 times today. Sucks to be a girl. #bratproblems”
Get bent! A recent study suggests tight muscles mean stiff arterial walls - a precursor to heart disease
At Work: The next round in Wisconsin: The recalls. Scott Fitzgerald and Tim Carpenter with the Political Junkie today
reading my tweets
Who else is glad that they are to old for the first day of school?
We're aiming to stop the immediate ability to profit off of jury duty, & aiming to curb alterior motives toward a civic duty
speaking of wars..what do you think of the FEMA camps being opened in the USA?..there is over 100 of them ...for americans...
Haha. Bad timing, indeed. Horace Clarke?
": Your chapter of my story is over and I've burned the pages." LOL good one
RT : you know ladies is giving us prgramming that makes us feel good. Start with one show. If you build it it will come
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Always on Twitter or FB? Start getting paid for it, plus Chris Conoan says 1st real snow in metro by Wed.!
Got my single of The White Stripes' "Hand Springs" today. It looks sexy, and it pretty much describes my mood right now.
for most trips Long Beach is much better..
Congrats to Linda Ohler, winner of 2012 American Society of Transplantation Clinician of Distinction Award!
Thanks for the mention.
oh my o.o haha
I live in LA & it's my dream to visit the iCarly set! Please tell me how? You even shot iCarly in my school in LA! :) 
Heartbreaker for Caps. Amazing game.
can you believe everything that has happend to you??? Because I can't <3
I wasn't in Weho [im not a masochist] but I made the mistake of going out with a cute twink
Practice today! Get stoked for new things. Check out our re-release of "We, The Observers." #Apparitions is coming soon.
yummy,save ya boy some
That's always fun. Ahaha!
So pissed off right now.
problem is that at&t sucks in metro's like NYC
RT thas a classic!! ««i swear man!!!
dance in the rain
no one was asking for your opinion
So Facebook bought Instagram... Who cares???
RT That's a fact I work here on campus-students are not happy. #USF Polytechnic students are EXTREMELY upset
You cannot fail, unless you quit.
Responded to FIRE @ 48-11 206 St, Queens, NY 11364. Red Cross auto update.
Happy birthday Dr. Seuss!
Our next US Military Mission is called Shock & Shaw. He's firing pucks from a ship miles away in the ocean
and your birthday is coming up!
It was our pleasure!
I'll be on the news this Friday giving an interview for SRO. 9:45am on Q13!
Who still pays for music? I don't get it...
Joe Posada, The Show Band, David Villanueva, Second Nature, PM Soul, & Ernie Garibay- coming in May to Coco Lounge for Thursday Night Jazz!
Can't wait to listen to the JJ Abrams podcast
What this city needs is a Shadow Mayor. I wonder if purple rubber-wearing fake superhero guy can help design the costume.
Why am i going to bed at 9 o'clock on a friday night?
oh...another Bravo show for me to get addicted to.
I wonder if I take you home, will we still be in love, baby? Because I need ya tonight.
Laugh & the world laughs with you, weep & you weep alone.
GREAT! we'll see you soon!
#FavoriteLyric "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger "
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four is the biggest thing to happen since the Mega Powers exploded at WrestleMania V
keep it clean. F word not useful.
WHY? WHY, when I tell you I DO NOT CARE...you insist that you also do not care but continue to bore me with gossip for the next half hour!?!
haha that would have been amazing!
the super lazy part of me loves the fact that i'll have one less letter to type in my new last name.
woo hoo Go Tyler!
I love the weather so much right now!! :)
Yes Yes Yes <EXTREME RULES 12>
My Sweet One
Favorite line: "He's said he's gone to the vet, but there is no record of him serving in any military branch."
Was just texting someone and misspelled "each other" - Autocorrect knew I really meant to type "peashooter".
Oh, Nicki Minaj, this is way too out there for me. For the first time all night I turned the volume down.
still a good joke
RT : If ur Seattle company is hiring, I'm helping my brother find a job & would luv to connect u. He has a business/marketing BA!
That's a tough one RT : Cereal? RT Indy or Pacers, who u got?
1D What Makes You Beautiful♥
don't think it's healthy to think about it constantly but would be nice if more people tweeted about absurd laws or injustices
Great night in
GIRL I MISSED IT TOO!!!! What is this craziness?!?
What kind of society do we live in that I have to work on my half birthday?
No perfect game for Humber tonight
The Denver Nuggets have never beat the Lakers in the playoffs that's unbelievable
you guys are sick
I thought I was having a bad night. However, I then realized I'm not Will Ryhmes.
😁thats how i smile when someone is taking a picture and they say cheese
She Ran Away ( :
Movies #theavengers :D
So many folks putting "Occupy" in front of other random words. I think it's time to occupy occupy.
This is getting interesting....a little too interesting...
too funny! I can't stop laughing! XD
why do I feel the main villain in this movie will be smug.... Fun while it lasted
WE ARE!! Its a beautiful day in the A!
lol fag it was a penis and some glaze
Taigs loves Frost Friday
fall break ='s late night movie time!
Morning Tweeters!!! What am I thankful for?! It's Friday!!!
How was lunch?
anytime "Roman"
5 mile run! Without debilitating fatigue after! 6 mile run, here I come.
haha that's cute John! When did you go back to brown?
Cavs still "in it...to win it". Get the latest "Dirt from the Dugout" from Kristi Fulkerson & Matt Parsons on 19NewsNightcast
lol yes it is
definitely not you lol.
Let's face it, the debt talks have nothing to do with the debt, it has everything to do about maintaining seats in Congress.
You know people are desperate when they tweet and make statuses about having people text them
soo I see how you truely feel now ): Im not mad at you, I'm happy that I got to be with you but that was then and this is now...
I have been typing a variation on the same sentence for 40 minutes. Where did my reporter instincts go?
VIPs at this wedding : Secretary Napolitano and Cong Rush Holt have arrived to full hall.
Going to church... And u should be too =)
Lazerdisk party sex tonight! It's industry and locals free! Hmu for guest list
excellent. I would be happy to email/ chat with anyone who has questions
The girl infront of me is so annoying -.-
#FF App of the Day devs for the first week of 2012: Have a great weekend everybody!
thank you baby! ☺
Just wrapped on an amazing project "Dystopia"
While you busy tryna fit in im gone stand out .
Glad you made it out last night. Hope the mingling got you sufficiently warmed up for swing dancing!
you okay?
It just hit me that it's finals week. Hello stress.
LeBron...bro...put that headband back on
we ended up at the zoo. Was nice even though it was very cold!
Awesome! RT : another week, another trend!
I really do enjoy Voxer! Such a good app!
troll baby lolz
for real!!! Biggest pet peeve
Happy New Year, tweeps! Let's hope 2012 is a better year all around for everyone!
If I delete an article that got imported via RSS, how do I get it to not import again each night?
MY sister & i are going to see Liza Minelli in September:D
Public meeting on survey results and a potential plan tonight at UPMC South Side. Join us at 6 pm!
Welcome darling! Can't wait to heytell and tweet you. Perfection.
can you certify it's organic?
So I nearly walked through Kim's interview. The directors are playfully joking at me and don't know I am sitting behind them.
whatever liar -______-
Pray the Devil Back to Hell
wtf the packer's need more
OK, you guys don't need to talk about me. Talk about NYC!! The more students we get there, the more you can help each other.
hahaha! My Moma still gives me easter presents too!
You're awesome. Just thought I would tell you.
Weightlifting Tomorrow , And haircut , Party Saturday , Church Sunday , Damn Man !
I tweet quality not quantity!
It's not impossible, Aaron...Ever wonder why you're so obsessed?...You've been LED to UT. You're gonna have a great testimony!
Break a leg Jersey Boys !!! Opening night Woo Hoo !
Like the updates of Google Analytics, especially the Visitor Flow feature
Hahahaha chat. YOU'RE OLD TOO. :)
You have to trust the person you love or love someone else you can trust.
: tearing up my heart nsync
Wondering who she needs to hold her...
never that got nothin to lie about
I can't get over DMX on Couples Therapy on VH1 B...
of course you can!
Experienced my first migraine ever today. NEVER. AGAIN. kthx.
Oh yea... this is what its like to be a Dodger fan. We were almost starting to forget!
When I'm alone I think of so many things to say to you. When I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
No school for me today :D
Thanks for getting the word out abt Speak Up for Future Teachers! We greatly appreciate the support!
oh that must have been fun we need to hang out here soon
no hun i live n tennessee, hbu
Taemin looking totally HOT I want to take him to my room and teach him a few things HOT DAMN boy!!!
Didn't you say that last year too? No wonder your invite keeps getting lost in the mail :)
Hah. She can't win - pisses off Silicon Valley or Hollywood. Guess SV won't be contributing in 2016.
why does Parky have to Purina?
Do they still have ringbacks???
Feng Shui Tip: CLEAN OUT those spaces you don't see (under your bed, closest, drawers) - any blocked energy stagnates the entire room.
yall i almost hit with my car driving down the street yesterday...he was on his bike in the middle of pulaski..lol Sorry
whoa he's cute:)
up pickin out tracks for this disney project.....this year has been full of opportunity that me and tkn full advantage of!
As test data becomes our priority, the more we will script curriculums leading lock-step 2test. Teaching will b "teacher-proof"
So, #Spotify pretty much blows iTunes & Pandora away.
Thanks Steve Jobs, rest in peace
Having a productive day with !
True that Xx
“: Louisville postal carriers to deliver anthrax vaccine in case of attack". Only 10 years late
i just got back from la and was sad too. i love austin though.
I've watched your YouTube videos, ever since day 1. I think I deserve to get a #followback fothermucker. ♥
Hate getting your oil changed? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
thank you!! You guys made me feel right at home. But next time I'd like a trailer
When the F are we going to do a show with ??
My mom called someone a poodle slut.
Hey Columbus! If you or anyone you know is looking to pick up some extra cash while helping a good cause - one of my non-profit clients is …
Take it from an old timer. Prevention costs much less than dental work. Plus you get to keep your own teeth!
If only was a subject at school, we'd all get A+. And if fangirling was a job, we'd all be billionaires.(:
I guess today is when us cavemen watch championship #NFL and the more refined intellectuals just snipe on twitter.
Consistent investment in building the relationships first really pays off ~
despite the fact that I have floated him for two months!
Jamming out to my new ibeats! Hells yes!! ^_^
hell yea they suck ya dick like a fuckin slurpie they get down
Just drove for the first time and came back in one piece
Found See You at the Top by Zig Ziglar to be helpful-there's always another way, and I'm in charge of it
just followed '
Sitting, in the court, with a stack of dead trees, waiting to file for my client, with da homie Carrie, wondering about black pebble shoes a
Who's funnier? Mel Brooks or Woody Allen? That is the question and the classic Sneak Previews episode featured on this week's show!
the first time I ever went I did. Lol
Thanks for the follow! What's going on in the #tech world?
Wow, in it to Lin it!
damn who knew I could shine so bright, I want to feel this way everyday of my life<3
RIP MCA. It was always on my bucket list to see The Beastie Boys. Sad I didn't get to.
At ViceRoy
because music is a part of who we are!
Finishing up my latest video/ super nintendo & ??? EightysWorld2
wait , where are you sitting at ?
no limits
I think I'm living in a state of irony.
It's so nice outside.. I can't believe I've wasted most of my day inside today!
Really missing my beautiful wife!
“: Anyone want a S/O? (:”why not me cousin
Wait why am I staying after school tomorrow if he's not coming?
I'm good, thanks. Just becoming flabbergasted at some old files I'm finding on the server. Sorry about the car battery!
I shall have to look into this!
dude it's so gross
We wit Buffy the Body tonight at Rockstar...ladies free b4 10.....come holla at cha boy boy....
"Good" day -> getting a First Class upgrade tonight. "Great" day -> finally flying home to my gal / kiddos after a week onthe road.
I need to be making some moves today
what bout "get ya shine on". I knew that one haha
i just can't do it anymore.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first - M. Twain
LOL it seems so obvious doesn't it?
Yes sir
I want to meet She's seems really nice and cool. :]
RT Is tonight the night THE follows me?! After a year will it finally come true?! I hope...<3😍💜
Listening to a guy tell the pilot of this flight that he's not planning on turning off his portable device.
I have a lot to say, it is just that most of it is spectacular and astounding!!
Watched "Sleepover" for the 50th x it seems! Very relatable to my age :-) My friend & I are still obsessing over the curly hair!
": I took my dog to the Vet today for a checkup. He's still a dog."
Got a box of deliciousness from today - tweedy teal wool/silk/cashmere. I'm going to have so much fun "helping" with this one.
Great workout today!
AMEN that's the truth!
Ralphs is insane right now!!!!
and CJ got you a gift. Idk when I'll get it to you cuz he forgot it haha
Tonight: mic-check of Alderman Joe Moore who voted for Mayor 1% Emanuel's crap budget. Joe, you've made it clear whose ally you are.
Rachel kinda looks hot there..
Matthew 9:35ff "Then Jesus made a circuit of all the towns and villages. He...healed their bruised and hurt lives..."
Award to Ranking Joe
Some of them have an "accomodates X people" with extra fees for extra persons.
They should create an app that makes your cellphone go "ah" when you plug it in.
#36Days until the best album in the world will be released. The album that will make history and convert haters. I'M READY FOR
Please dont make me expect. Please dont lead me on. Please dont leave me hanging. Please dont hurt me. That is all.
try to fight through! You can get fruit or if that doesn't work get skinny cow ice cream or candy! They're yummy!
I pulled up results in am to see past few days. Costly lunch mtg I had missing this one. Nothing better than $55 horse
Yes they should, the NCAA will be coming soon.
ahh I freaking love you Ben!:') *tears of joy* you're soo lucky!
Raindrops keep fallin' on my head ... no, wait. That's cat drool. ON THE BACK OF MY EFFING NECK.
“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.” Ludwig van Beethoven
Niggas better care ! I would like to hangout and be able to text you sometime before I'm 80 years old .
RT All profits today split btwn & ! If u can't make it in u can donate directly to them. Thank you!
I'm trying to holla at you, boo!
I hope your surgery went well and we see you back in the ring soon.
oh ok and my favorite song from kirko bangz is drank in my cup that my favorite song and my favorite rapper is drake and nicki
The final six women head to Macau, where they're challenged with re-creating their auras = #ANTM is on Tonight at 8/7c!
Awesome. I picked up a few of those too!
Matt Drudge’s rescue mission
There is a difference between "taking pride in" and "being prideful about" a #startup. One invites success and the other invites a beating.
men/women open basketball season tomorrow at Beck Center (6 & 8 pm tips) with doubleheader. "Live at the Clive" x 2. Ticketmaster?
Black finn. a line?? Really???
I forgot how much I liked The Raveonettes' "Whip It On".
Have fun. ": Casual ten hour work day."
Long day!
Enjoy sky diving buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
All Muslims are forbidden to watch television in Afghanistan
I'm sorry, what was your score again? I seem to recall the 8th hole giving you some trouble
mwahaha im gonna get to 8000 i know it
speaking of "blasts", Manny Parra just entered the game......
mini GalaXy TaB
so true.
one thing is certain: you can always count on to give a negative critique. for anything.
Today = Dress Fest and Manhattan College
Not 1 piece of legislation, no rhetoric, no party bickering, no stimulus money and not one taxpayer dollar and I am creating JOBS, JOBS,JOBS
How on earth are you doing?!? I hope all is well on the West Coast!
~ Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The awkward moment when you accidentally follow 1D freaks and your phone isn't letting you check 'Unfollow'..
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/12 sat 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
keep walking. Ain't no one got time for that.
This girl really annoys me.
it's online day-of, too, so you could simulwatch. would love yr tweets!
happen to personally know those "egg people"
i gave a chick my number today and she was wearing aeropostale.. i really need to question the direction my life is going
Soo excited for the Brewers game on Sunday. 350 people will be rockin purple!!
But now I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes, all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss.
Agreed! Can I come? RT : In need of a change of scenery. Hmm, where to go ...
yeahh until you wake up & realize it's reality still slappn you in the face. just promise you'll call if your in trouble.
I'm actually doin' Halloween in St.Tropez, whoever is in St.Tropez retweet this
I should probably go to sleep....
Yup. Quit trolling. Are you guys going to blackout your site?
Low hoop;)
That CT scan was the scariest thing of my life...
watching videos of prophecies on youtube
Finally joined IxDA. Now leave me alone;)
#s3question If you wanted only the user to be able to see their uploaded photo, how would you implement that with s3?
Unwrap yourself a joyful Christmas!!!!
Im a oreo
We are all believers, whether we fess up to it or not.
Incoming Txts & Planning Requests 4 Trips to NYC Have been Overwhelmingly Positive!The Awesome Weather Helps!
My feet hurt
Sounds like Ponderosa Trail Drive is a white ribbon of death. Don't go there. Reports of sideways snow, ice and dolts in SUVs.
Hiccup! Tomorrow night at Hyperion Tavern. I'll be reading bad poetry and waving like Queen Elizabeth.
in all seriousness did you work with Kai or Nick because that probably explains it. I had a young crew my last shift.
Bass is already 3-11 tonight.. it's only the second quarter.
I've been feeling the same way. Walden was kind of useless too. Perhaps A. Chapman?
How the hell do I catch a cold during spring
My pleasure: Hope you are well!
have songs from The Sound of Music stuck in my head! good job guys! can't wait for tomorrow! :)
Haircut, now off to Ballys!
Just noticed my foursquare account is linked to my twitter page,I'll have to fix that.
RUDY, RUDY, RUDY. I could go for some pump and dump sauce right about now.
you've got to be kidding??? No? Incredible name... find me on facebook and let me know the story!
Carlos Beltran looks just like woody harrelsons girlfriend in "white men can't jump". Just saying.
Up early thought it was a day off but getting ready to plan for next week with my mom.
Straight To The Top Music video talks on the way, got Jenn Gittings on board now as DP with crew and Director Scott Dobbie. . Bring it!
So with there being 12 days till Christmas. Im gonna play a fun little game. I am going to tweet a Holiday Quote per day. :)
cant wait man <3
Ha! I've made that mistake before :)
Forget predicting the brackets...how about predicting how many years before Kentucky has to vacate this yr's tourney games....5?
dude you just gotta be good at it..
Yay there is an NFL season!
lmao short ass ustream but i love them (:
how are you?
would it b unfair if I answered?!
Checking emails before I go to bed.
aw, thanks steph! i had a blast with you! see you soon?
Vidal Sasson. "If you don't look good we don't look good". One of the best ad campaigns. Thanks Vidal!
Everyday I ask what time we get out of class knowing dalnnmm well I know when we get out
Landed in Vegas 102 degrees time for Iced TEA!
please feel better asap! :)
BOL not baby doll hair. You gonna need a pink slip and a blow up mattress too.
RT : Congrats to for the call up! Great accomplishments this year so I expected this!
LET'S GO CLEVELAND.
My 1000th follower will get something special :)
This weeks's Oakland flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Zesty Ranch!!!
Seriously though do people that use bengay not know that it smells like shit and everyone in a 30ft radius can smell it
Rehearsal with and I love this trio. Now we just need to think of a band name... Ideas?
Don't worry I will, I'm starting a new one too at peoples request. It'll be up probably today. Talk to you soon! =)
like, dorry. but you should quit. nobody eants you to die..
you too!
If he can make a good sandwich then he's a keeper ;)
Tinted Gucci aviator lenses #sunglasses allow you to stare at people without getting caught, it's like Facebook in real life.
Tulsa's HC Danny Manning now restricting 1 of his player's transfer. Not that it justifies anything, but would like to hear coaches explain
Haven't had one problem at all and it feels good!
Singg LATING GIRL By JB On a Video?(: for ur Latin Girl Fans ,
Its in Fort Lauderdale, Downtown by Revolution live.
thanks! Turns out the att upgrade worked awesome, but I appreciate it!
I find Ke$ha hits to be strangely motivational. Maybe it's like, YEAH, if Ke$ha can make this much money wasted, I can write this essay!!!
I have a few. #ISTE12 and I am a trainer for NCSS this summer. Among other projects. You?
This happens every fucking time
Gearing up for the 2011 AAEP convention in San Antonio, TX. Stop by booth 12016 and see us this weekend!
you can do better than that.
Shut up Gladys none of us speak
WAIT.. you're in Miami?? I WANNA MEET YOU <3
Big day for Chesterfield County! We're rolling out performance based budgeting this morning.
I think I need a drink
packing my stuff for a weekend at ball state :)
your mom xD
lots of great tips. Need more white vinegar.
About to hear the world premiere of John Muehleisen's "Pieta"
Trying to stick to your new years resolutions? Add friends/family/mentors to each of your goals who will help along the way! www.IamINC.biz
Isn't that ridiculous? Although I do like Benjamin Walker. But still!
what is up with you?? Lol funny af
Are you testing #chromebook for student use? What grade level? Is this a 1-to-1? I'd love to hear your thoughts, do you have a blog?
Glad that diversity in publishing is being discussed, but sad that it has taken so long. We've been in the game since '75
likes them!!!! "you dropped the bomb on me, baby....."
Absolutely LOVED and tonight. Thanks for being my Valentines tonight, guys!
You always seem patient when we talk, but maybe there's something you're not telling me...
After lots of crying, I managed to snag a ticket to on June 11.
Develop a passion for saying, "Thank you."
Selena is soo Lucky to have someone like Justin..
anyone interesting in talking about getting together a "THATCamp" for tech in archaeology on the east coast?
#Imagine You and Liam are watching the stars at the beach. He whispers:''You're my everything. I love you.'' He kisses you passionately.
Week #2 starts now. Week #1 wouldn't have happened if not for the patience, understanding, and support of my girl,
Working full time can suck a pimple covered D!!!
I just wish I could get it on a t-shirt
whys everyone leaving the tweeter?
I cant wait to see you guys play in Rochester New York in April!
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture
I am genuinely caught off guard by that statement. It's like the day we became too old for Sketchuan. Time flies!
At #TheMustangCafe With Bea, Bobby, Mommiee & Billy, (:
Music washes away the dust of every day life. ---Art Blakey
It's interesting how much I use "interesting" when I'm writing about something. Sorry in advance, if that interests you.
Thankz to all my new #Followers #peace#LOVE!!!!!
Can't wait till #ISAS2012 I am excited to be running the #coffeehouse too!!!
We were all meant to shine as children do. It is not just in some of us, it is in everyone.
all the way to my third knuckle
nothing seems to be on the tv anymore...this late
20 year Tawny on #PortDay with Bananas Foster.
Why doesn't my baby sleep?!
Royals need Jake Taylor, Rickie Vaughn, Roger Dorn, Willie Mays Hayes and Pedro Cerrano!!! Imagine the lineup with Hosmer, Moustakas, etc
and i miss you too x
Dear Mom, Its Too Late For Yu To Be Blastin Nd Dancing To The Song Booty Me Down -____- . Take Yo Ass To Bed! -Son
Just relaxing enjoying my last day off! #love-it!
Now is our only reality...Today ain't no mistake..Continue your mission Steve you got God's attention
it's 8:07. How bout u?
Bossy on twitter smh
Also #FF to those who RT this week and thanks for mentions
dont make cool music,MAKE INCREDIBLE ISH! im goin crazy behind thismuzikproduction n mixin ish,i'll b n a strait jacket when we reach da top
And an american boy (estelle ft ) cover. Again, killing it.
Looking through my book collection I found #OneFlewOverTheCuckoo'sNest. Time to dust it off & remind myself why I love it so much.
I'll keep my 99 Civic for several more years. Safe, efficient, reliable, yes; chick magnet, no. And that's fine by me.
Who knew this debate would be so hilarious?
Food Allergy Awareness starts with all of us. You can and will make a difference. Just talk about it!
I didn't wanna end up like him
Aye my man que funny as shit
Smells like humans
Feeling super masculine today.
The gala is going to be a great party, we hope to see you there!
thanks but no thanks i'd rather not take that offer
RT Parents 'ignore Facebook age bar' [why do kids want to grow up so fast?]
lol well I meant zbo and OJ or Rudy and OJ. I think we will keep the core intact and fill our needs, while bringing DA back
I need refreshed!RT :When we are tired, the Lord can strengthen and refresh us. He will refresh our body and soul! (Isaiah 40:29)
Yay for dropping your phone off the second balcony at a hotel. -____- I'm really good with phones obviously.
I don't think ive seen a kid cuter then Mason! Ur beyond stunning and your my favorite Kardashian!
Bears can't be stopped right now boy
#Cancers have frequent mood swings, and we feel our way through life.
So far a home run and just hit a triple to score a run.
“: First take gets me hyped in the AM!” The best!!!
I wish she would have pick Damon
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Turkey has more protein than chicken or beef
I aim to please. Unfortunately, apparently so does she.
thank you! She was fun and inspiring to create =)
Still waiting for the Ted Danson Mary Steenburgen sex tape.
I am living in NYC now. I am actually going to grab lunch with Mimi some time this week! I moved here to do a show.
Good Blessed Morning!
Are you going to The 86 Club tonight?
Thank you for your great Ragnar tips via your blog post. So appreciate it!
"Every day is a good day when you run."
my thoughts exactly!! this summer is turning out to be amazing already!
thanks for keeping me tagged in that whole conversation guys
My man Mike is ripping up the radio as Hamlet right now. WAMU
LOL - I had some blue cheese and salami in my salad yesterday. My coworkers were not happy. ;)
Happy birthday <3
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is "How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon"
I sat next to some weird girl during lunch and told her she was my date, now she won't leave me alone. She followed me to all of my classes.
Wow people are lame arguing over a game
Hopefully doesn't hate on me for my last tweet...
Wearing my 'Friday underwear' on the right day for once
Discover The Tried & True Businesses That Can Help You Accomplish Becoming Your Own Boss of Your Own Successful Home Based Business
Don't ever tell me I don't love you, everything I do for you is because I love you
woww so tired when the summer or atleast the weekend go kick in
Woke with a terrible sore throat. Know any good home remedies to extinguish the fire in my throat?
Garrison at #packers: focus on inactive customers for opps. to re-engage. Focus on best customers to deepen relationship.
ARE YOU AWAKE? Did Chanel crash in your room last night?!?
hahhhaha hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
": #WeirdFactAboutMe If I had the time, I would change my dorm room around every week." This makes me happy (:
Thanks 4 following me! Do you have a bakery of your won? I am looking for an Artisan Bakery to feature in a future article
I saw them last night at the Share This Party- were amazing!
Hailing in ffx
Yes! Or like The Green Mile.
When Leonardo DiCaprio let's go of the door, and sinks to the bottom of the ocean.
Ladies night tonight at the bar! Half off all drink para las chicas!
I really hope comes to NY. He deserves a ring!
Ain't that the truth.
Who is the cold, indifferent ! Co-host with Kelly?! And he's been on before? Not warm or charming.
No, you're just used to doom so far this season
Does the pasta really taste better in Italy?
When I kiss him, it feels like I'm floating
got a bunch of shit to do in the morning. so im going to bed so I can wake up. ahaha. goodnight!(: party tomorrow night weeheww
your welcome! :) thanks for participating in the video! spread the word! :)
My favorite part of #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck : sometimes its a noun; other times, a verb (& at least once, an adjective)
philip phillips from american idol is just so... dreamy. haha. <3
RT Im confident and pleased with my diet and exercise!
Had our guys #Remede in the studio last night. Watch out world, they're coming for you!
Why Anderson Cooper was in B-more a few weeks ago MT : , talk w on Sun
Why was social media effective 4 #ArabSpring but not so w/ either #TroyDavis or #TrayvonMartin?
sinus surgery at 6 am. I need to smoke all my cigarettes in the next hour.
": try harder! Don't give up. :D you can do it!" Look at where chris and madison got me in dance
Pizzeria UNO on NJ-73 is advertising its tap lineup for Beer Week.
That Is So Sweet <3
I really can't decide on what kind of pointe shoes I want for next year, someone help me 😣
AnotheR NYC date just announced>>>>>> May 31 We will be live in hARLEm! See u there!
& I are trying to sound like Scooby Doo On The Telephone
Lobby for faculty so you are viewed as a partner.
They say I'm this, and they say I'm that, They won't give me a chance no, but I do what I want, I'ma grown ass man, giving all that I can
u need to take Amie out in NY for craziness
Awesome! Didn't know about Animal Collective and Best Coast! Will have to look up the others
Oh don't worry, I'll probably be begging people to read and watch my stories ;) I'll be in touch!
You should slap that on some t-shirts and bring them to
I would suggest looking into smashwords.com. It's what I used to convert my book into all eformats. Super easy.
wewt! see you there :D
aaghh i feel like shitt, ! is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
#nowwatching American dad
You're beating me on #wwf cus one of us is using their knowledge and one of us is using the net to find words missy
Went to Rivers Casino tonight & loved it.
I'm not sure I'm actually catching the drift of this #marchmadness trend.
Excited for today's Exposed event in NYC!!
Spending the best years of my life signing in and out of Google
is having an incredible #LeapDay sale: Tix to remaining 2011-12 concerts are $29 Cheap!
I would give my life if god would let you be ok for the rest of yours.
You kids really need to do something about all those donkeys in NYC. It's pretty out of control.
thats my baby
good call on
investors are not panicking in the face of political and economic uncertainty, a positive sign for continued recovery in 2012
sorry he's fine but he's sick rite now sore throat
Who's hungry? We open today at 11am. Good morning :)
Success is based on persistence not luck ,
Now that I got that out I fell better. I'm going to the gym!
That's true. I suppose Facebook is only as good as your friends are.
marry me?! <3
-how did this crap get on my twitt and how do I get it off
Nice thank you
looking at all the entry's now and will direct message winner later today
says "we ain't here for the chicken dinner." Got that right.
Damn right KB RT : Oh, Boston should be down 2 games right now.
Is there a committee that votes on who gets to be considered a "super producer?"
If you have not heard it check it out at my fanpage one facebook @ aaron Davis At my bandpage,The song is I wanna Go Check it Thank you
Can you believe it's been almost 48 hours since the last time you were drunk and watching the Brewers?
\(°_°)/ *throws up hands & walks away*
Hey - regardless of the year's outcome. I would like to see a change in net and D. Move Crow and Keith. Conklin is UFA.
So true RT People predicted 'global solution' in early 2011 RT : By time vikings hearing over could be 4-stadium bill
Such a great weekend, the weathers awesome and it only seems right to end this weekend at the beach
I hate mondays.
Such a great feeling! Wearing clothes that didn't used to fit!
Lmfao Oh Whateva I Kno You Love Me... Everybody Does :)
I see the "LOL" in it
some of the host cant take a prank. Then resorts to insulting somebody they know nothing about other then a youtube vid.
doing hair. rec and then library
Timeout could be Gelato :) “: I'm in need of a timeout stat! Lol”
Thank you to you, as well!
We don't have any physical tickets, but you can buy them from the venues. We have most links on our Facebook tour tab!
So who's JJ going to cast as Kruge? As the Whale Probe?
lmao dam right you be sittin in there hurtin
thnks really appreciate
Love our Fajitas?? Try this afternoon's Torta featuring Grilled Chicken, Green & Red Peppers, onions, Chihuahua Cheese and lettuce!...
Just finished signing 1 of the day, thanks to all our new fans for stopping by!
Irish Soda Bread Recipe This Irish soda bread recipe is sweet and cake-like, not a traditional soda bread by any means, but very tasty no
Never knew Gilbert Gottfried was AFLAC duck--guess he's one dead duck now! What a heartless creep for making jokes about #tsunami victims.
winter coat is at home...looks like i'll have to shiver through this late-april snowstorm.
I hate these CVS self check out machines!!!
Pitt looks to run into Butler in the CBI.
"It's been a while - How you've come back in style." ::coconut records::it's not you it's me::
Embedded blogger with teams QR codes Track progress
We in Vegas tho
Everybody Support Jaylon Tate ! Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater !
we love #burritos!
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what it is that they want” – Zig Ziglar
I don't mind spending every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
we a see tonight then
have a great Monday
Thank you omer asik for blowing that win for us...
Lol RT : OH @ #PDX: "I hear they got some good restaurants in #Portland, and some fancy donut shop."
Wish I could watch. AT&T's truly craptastic wireless, however, prevents it. And I could REALLY use the diversion about now!
neither. When they saw the hat. HA. Thought i was gone huh. Never
haha told you mom he was cute, even my aunt is trying to get at him lol
It's so hot. This cold shower really put in work!
thank you for the
I'm China Anne McClain's friend, Alexander Miiler
Sometimes I Stevie wonder....
Please help us and honor our military by donating your used cell phones at shuttle-stop barrels during
i was thinking to same thing. That weird.
I need to lose 1.01 lbs a week until my birthday to reach my end goal of 135. Totally doable!
...Albany? No but seriously, I dunno why you expected not-Bond-villains
“: Much love to as he evolves from a Badger into a Bengal! #OnWisconsin” Go Bucky!
Duly noted. I forget who told me this, but apparently there's a great Mexican place in Copenhagen, of all places.
Just finished reading Black Swan Green by #DavidMitchell . Almost as good as Cloud Atlas. Two incredible books. One of my favorite authors.
I'm SO PROUD OF U SIS OMG...NA YO FUTURE CAN START
Oh, new photo. Very continental.
is training, teaching, and professionalization beyond the dissertation. "Black Women's Authoritative Knowledge on Childbirth" diss DOES [+]
i can't believe the snow actually stuck
“: It will be interesting to see if the Browns trade Colt today!” U think we could get a pick for the current draft 4 him?
Bucks honoring UW-Whitewater sports teams for capturing national championships in football and basketball.
Honestly, not sure when the next one will come out, it all depends on inventory availability... I wish I could be more help!
RT : FLOOD RELIEF UPDATE: Our responders just headed out to rescue two more dogs found in high flood waters.
they do it by itself! Sorry! How is your recovering going??
Reminder! David Garrett will be on tonight from 8-930. #Artown volunteers will be manning the phones and ED Beth will be on air!
You still have time to order your holiday catering from Mangia!! Open Christmas Eve from 8 A.M. to 3 P.M....Buon Natale!!
indeed! like hitting a snooze button.
Big difference in your and you're.
It's been an interesting week in scientific developments. World's lightest material, fastest aircraft, & faster-than-light particles. Wow!
"perhaps the 'softer' the power wielded over the listeners, the more insidious the final result?"
great! Just don't hurt anyone in the process of "dragging"
Love the quality of all the products here.. My sales person Paulita is the best!
awesome job by you, great to see a some Cali in NY, look forward to more diva material!
cause youre that awesome
I tweet too fast... I need a twitter editor.
Remember to tweet your favorite Inkd Business Card to win a set of your own!!! Contest ends tonight!!
Make the decision, make it whit confidence, and the World will be yours!!!
I think it was the Apple product that uploaded it causing all the problems
Hundreds of independent features are produced each year. Join the WFA celebrate the sharpest most original ones. Just 27 days to go.
Holy windy city, Batma-- *Phone is blown out of hands before tweet can be completed*
love!. im listening to zombie jumpstyle remix! it so good i cnt have ebough of that remix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you Ryan. ur mine for ever
walk around da block get yo ass shot
RT : Congrats Cupcake Creations in Penfield for their triumph on -Cupcake Wars. Way to go!
but we all have our unshared personal archives. Hence the value of #criticalcommons for another mode of collab
Put your hairy chest away chewbaca.
I'm Teaching About Sexuality To A Friend, The Virgins Are So Naive! xD
you know there's trouble in Beantown when the Sox fans are booing their manager ....
yep even more so, that's what spooked me at first, that's why I wanted to go slow ... mistake on my part for being too wary
I'll do the naughty things you like!!!
Brotha its Manning Monday, I can't wait to celebrate. RT : We got this PM coming to DEN!!!
U too. Thanks.
customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA. Fantastic HD Virtual Tour and neighborhood info
Goodnight everyone (: <3
Increasing social capital...
let me fall back, you aint ready for all that'
Thanks for bringing on this week, really love how both Will and Mari know the process of brewing
Late night seven eleven run 😜#badbitches Tehehe we' re so bad
I love days off work. Now only if I could have no school.
Discovered any sick San Fran bands??
thank you!
yeah priceless I got another comedian for you that's Filipino
we're not friends.
Fiancés, merely dating, close friends. Adverse actions against these people can lead to third party retaliation claims.
don't feel bad but happy to give it to him #therewardsofgiving try it!
Mary Bo Peep in metalshop today AHAHA
glad to hear it:)
BUY 3, Get 1 FREE! February 13, 2011 - March 31, 2012 - Good towards Pet Spa/Wash, Daycare, Boarding and/or Private Training Sessions!
thanks love! Can't wait to rehearse tomorrow!
JAY JAY THE JET PLANE. Hola babe. You should follow me :)
Aight my wolverines won.now my lake show boyz need to tighten up.let's go.
school tomorrow <
Seas. Prem. "How Can I Help?" re: Organic Farming airs 6/3 ITV. Third episode airing 6/15 "De-constructing construction" features GSB!
Looking forward to tonight's screening of Omega Point at Loyola, the new doc. on JK Toole which drew significantly from our JKT collection
ABT TIME SMEBDY CALLED CARRY ON RONDO!!! HE DO IT EVERYTIME s/o to tht ref!
thanks for all the tweets last nite!!
RT Think it's the other way around. Go to the yes ones first and then the no's will follow.
Procrastination Alert: You could wait for the market to go back to the way it was but it will never go back to pre-Internet days.
thanks to everyone for following us on twitter! we're working on new updates/content to our website. stay tuned!
No matter how crazy the world gets, "Livin on a Prayer" has remained the top choice for young women at the karaoke bar across the street.
School budget is "worst in history"... San Diego 6 News at 10pm
Well, gonna miss Ellis. Hoping Warriors can keep this win streak going.
Goodnight twitter (:
thank you
We want to head back DT soon! We'll be camping out at Timbers games & might hit up PSU in the next month. We'll let you know!
Our goal is to create the conditions for students to build collaborative relationships to advance their plan for change
is cold and its funny
What's up ma wat it do
I wish I was home with you...
it's a very cute movie!
Awesome! So now you've met 2 #Heidelbergers. Your life is now complete :)
I can never sleep anymore.
so excited!!
“: (does that link work? on a plane and can't test it, low speed internet / first world problems)”I can't get it to work!
That's like my full-time job -- wine included! Haha. Best job ever. :)
I'm pushing myself to write deeper!
HAHA!!! Made another girl cry!! Telling them one direction ARE gay faggs
you will love flamingo pink :)
Happy St. Patty's Day! The pub crawlers on the goldcoast really have beers in their hands already! I guess they can't wait for the parade.
I swear if Kobe ...
Red, white, and blue only stand for freedom until they're flashing behind you.
#UWEBC12 48% of marketers feel pressure to report qualified outcomes of social media.
DGAF tonight with Binary Beatdown headed over to Brown to catch before hand. Mad nice out, today shall be a good 1.
Yes! Nd I'm excited
Artists Against Hunger @ Beaverton Farmer's Mkt July 17 - August 7. A portion of the proceeds supporting the Food Bank.
Don't be. I'm watching him on DVD from 1996. :-)
Totally agree. May you have a beautiful flower-filled weekend!
Were gonna put in money for the lottery, 500 million dollars!
too bad not SAN! Just got trip to Kauai for 3/5/12 for Hannukah! Planning starts today! Should we rent from u?
I'll never get over how often you put me last when I can't put you anywhere but first.
high compliment. I'm a big fan of the show since wbcn days. Thanks again!
Life is too short to be patient.
Got One Direction's new album in the mil today. Now i shall blast my music till midnight :D
Last one.... I am boarding this plane to Detroit. Yessssir. I have not seen my fam in a year
Thanks for coming out last night everyone! Such a fun night
i hope i cross your mind once in a while just so that i wont feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time
in total, popularity is like the stock market: past performance is no guarantee of future success. NFL MUST get ahead of this
I sleep all day. I'm surprised still loves me and puts up with it. <3
Birdies Eagles & Babes! Register for Dawn Rochelle Models Golf Tournament. Models + golf= joy.
bro RNG killed it tonight proud of em
Happy Birthday!
congrats Tony! this is awesome!
I just read the synopsis of the Descendants. Whoa but it looks like a miserable downer of a movie.
thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets!
Heck yeah, MLS is on the front lines! I think this trade sounds fair ;-) Perhaps an exchange program NYC <--> Zurich?
RT : looks like you can't solve that murder after all.
Your hugs,<3
its like when i read those notes i wanted things to be back to what it was but then i rememberd what you said to me.(c)
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
so maury can keep makin that showtime monaayyy
Yes Def. I'm Down =) I'm going to be in LA in 3 weeks so that's perfectly fine with me =)
“: watched Celebrity Sex Tape last night Hilarious!!! #AEKDB”
Haha and rocking it, I'm sure! // RT: : Wearin a flower in my hair tonight like I'm :)
ft lauderdale
Dont you be holding back your love ...
Hi Tweeps. Can anyone direct me to finding the #LeapPadExplorer? That seems to be the #hottest item on #Christmastlists this year!
I was listening to your music & it was swaggerific.Btw sent me here(:
You're right, it did have a digital context, but I like thinking about the ties between the two- human/digital
Only when I'm backseat riding in my moms truck😏
is an awesome show to watch to check you on your finances! Especially for the ladies :)
Salad? This word is not computing...
Insomnia plus very sick to my stomach. Awesome.
Padgett: How can students use these resources in a way that doesn't replace reading the text?
Venus and Mars.
Yea, Biggest article on the front page. I'm holding back on the twitter but please, CMF is a big deal to many of us.
Let's hear it...first job you ever had? Go!
Got it!!! Thanks! Look for it tomorrow...would you like the 5 or 6 am hour???
Aw, thanks.
"Generosity and togetherness and community all convalescesscens into...morale, thats what I say, so..."
ah you're too kind! THANKS!
I don't think I want to know what that tweet was about
The browns better not pick Justin Blackmon I'm calling it now that he won't be the best receiver out of this draft.
I don't know how you got my home address, , but please contact me here from now on. My wife, Jennifer, might get the wrong idea
what is it!?
Results of our Locks tonight gone final: Reds W, Pit/Fla Under 7 W, Nationals W, Wash/SD Under 7 L, Hou/Phi Under 8 W...So far 4-1!
If you could be any other animal, what would you be?? Speak up!!
just please tell her your sorry and you take anyting bad back you dis
People fall in love and then they fall out.
So What! Beauty Bar! C'mon old! Big Styles and K-Nee! Pow!
Stuck But "Stuck on You" is how I always explained those stalking allegations.
ah change ur password!!!
My mom is pissing me off.
I don't like that you don't feel good! Rest lots and feel after soon! Love you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!! :D
Our law firm is here to help you resolve your legal issues. Call us at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation today!
thanks dear. I'll be wearing my old lady shoes today. We're thousands strong. :)
Happiest girl in the world.
Tonight! Show at the Triple Rock in Minneapolis, w/ and Triple Crossed . Doors at 5pm, we play at 5:30!!!
If Isaiah Thomas played for the Knicks, I guarantee you he would of been higher in the ROY voting
I'm not voting for King of the Web unless is nominated. wtf
X games:)
When Romney gets passionate and urgent, he sounds whiny. Bad programming? Or is he actually human and not a #RomBot?
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vince Lombardi
Cool, I remember all the players from over the years... But don't have any idea who is still around Omaha and who has moved on!
I think that VA Tech would work. Open up a new market for the SEC.
how's the classiest man alive doing on this beautiful day?
Need ideas for employee development OUTSIDE the classroom? Come to my 4pm session (TU320) rm 501 to learn + share!
I'm a Chicago artist! A lifelong photographer to be specific.... great tweets!
I can't breathe without you, but I have to <3
Awesome AGT promo ..thanks for posting for us! Can't wait!
luckily they are still with you and always will be :)
yeah that was a smooth talk. But don't worry about sports. We can talk about whatever bro. I think I'm pretty well versed lol.
Congrats !": Bluefin raises $12m 2nd round funding led by Time Warner Inv. for social tv analytics"
did u add music it to tumblr or added song to ur profile in hypster?
finally going on a beach date
TONIGHT - Rock the Bells with Special Guest DJ's Beufie, Amy Lopez, Jon-E Rockit & LAD along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George!
Spent the day at Storm King, wonderful weather for outdoor sculpture.
18 years of documentaries and news stories accumulated. They're not guilty.
agreed. Long way to go
lmfaoooo, funny but gross “: That awkward moment when Bella has her period and Edward uses her tampons as tea bags.”
alright well thanks for tellin me.. See ya tomoorow
I just started The Ivy this morning! More fun now that I am in Boston and actually run into Harvard students from time to time...
i'm not beautiful! i don't like me :/ but thank you my sweetie :) ♥
m you've got choices son!
belated thanks for last week's
yeah I realized after I sent that lol least its on th radio :-)
Start on paper; create an effective campaign! -
#DearTaylorSwift Your Speak Now concert was amazing! I can't wait to hear more music and hopefully see you on tour again! :)
It must be Janet birthday or something
This helps. Thanks!
Between these memories and my guilt its becoming increasingly harder to keep it together
when people stare at the gym<<<<<
absolutely he is! he acts like a 5 yr old!
A9: Boring your friends with inside jokes with yourself
Going out 2 eat .
Where are you going?
UNCHARTED3 BEST PS3 GAME EVER!!!!!!
your event was great
So at I've gotten two new nicknames: "TeDiva" and "Teddy RockSassy" lol
Looking for a web programmer........who is good?
Huge decision: Leather Rocker+Big Screen > Bed + 20" tube
A sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil for $22! ($45 value)
Frak, it's snowing. Again.
8.5 lbs. gal of water is 8, right?
Fat guy on the bus with a lumberjack beard and a "Curly Fries" sweatshirt: I salute you.
Kill em' don't stop the violence ": Bout to hit dis stage!!! RAW"
My condolences. I hear duct tape is a good solution to your problem.
Good Morning Monday :)
It is Friday after all.
Beautiful. RT : Follow your dreams. Not the ones when you go to sleep but the 1's that keep you from going to sleep
This remix is brilliant. #ESPNfirsttake. Lmao
i know the feeling. looking forward to a target and grocery store run during the game. it's going to be amazing
I believe in the compelling power of love
Omg that larry 1D doll sex tape actually makes me really uncomfortable.
good stories!! Feed the minds of the youngins!! Nasa needs more rocket scientists ;)
birthday has started strong.
My mama's attitude <<<<< SIT DOWN SOMEWHERE!
Theres a lot of great football games on this weekend! Stop by and watch your team on our high def screens. SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG.
like your old friends ex gf? Lol
I'm wearing a shirt with a triceratops on it. What do you think I know that you don't know?
riderwood down in prescott arizona we did everything we could pray for him
Our Hawks are on fire folk. Wooooooooohooooo Lets go Hawks! Let's go Hawks!
Just got to #FranzJosef and doing a glacier hike in the morning. For now, I go to the bar and drink with my friends!
I really want my left arm sleeved 😔
"This soup will not taste good. It has no stories in it." Arnold Lobel, you are the best. - DvL
CMS stopped processing payments for 18 days in June 2010. If Congress fails to get doc fix before 01/23, CMS might be able to hold out again
I'm about 2 take a muscle relaxer. In my universe, this is the equivalent of shooting up a sandwich-sized baggie of heroin. World, bewarezzz
“Your beliefs don’t make you a better person, your behavior does.” anonymous
I saw the high-five, and the subsequent grin on your face :) great show, eh??!!
Just met An old school journalist with a new school skill set. Find her at #ACHJ12, talk to her, you'll hear why.
78 alley oops
Almost home.
Ah, Louisiana Tech leaves the WAC, but New Mexico St. could join the Sun Belt to replace Denver. Gotta keep absurdly long commutes in place.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there, especially Gator moms!
Limobuses.com has rental low prices To Ontario Speedway In our team PB Party Bus transportation. Call to Day 619.225.8466
"All you broken hearts. All you dejected dreams, just let yourself be free, because even broken wings can fly away."
Your best tweet ever.
Waking up to the last day of testing
On Twitter for the first time
Trust me...we will. I want my shit done first before starting that! lol
I swear that takes my breath away.
This week is awful and it's only Monday.
no, I misspell and get pissed even more at myself. I was originally just blowing you shit by being a smartass.
men with guns"; and about how the dad/husband in [SAFE] is played by xander berkeley, who had been known mostly for that kind of
haha yea I know you are
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like pancakes.
Cindy is now asking folks what they expect to get from the workshop
Colts drafting targets for Luck. None of them look like bad picks, but it seems like they're fishing for headlines to sell tickets
All You People Hatin On Are being really dumb & immature like foralll what the heck did she do do you? Problly Nothing! so Stop!
Poor Fantasia !
If I say not to touch me that means don't touch me!
I had them muddled into a mojito yesterday at alchemy, which was delicious! They are also great in a chutney....
its about time the Pats got a break!
Branham High School! Project 143 will be out in the quad at your school tomorrow! Stop by!
im enjoying this tweet fight.
Today in 1986, Chernobyl nuclear plant exploded in the Ukraine -- it was the world’s worst civil nuclear catastrophe.
someone needs to tell Mark McKinnon to cool it with the scarves in every outfit he wears.
Fascinating discussion going on as old people argue over the meaning of "animate outside agency."
I want some blue goo flavoured vanilla swirl ice cream. HELP.
Re-educating coaches on how to teach tackling will eliminate CROWN first impacts from the game of football. If not, nothing will change.
This is me.
Probably not a good sign when hail hits your car with a loud CLANG CLANG CLANG...
So im coming on the 30th and gotta leave the 13th !
#TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day i walk straight
My hair is my own weather barometer.
#MARKETFRIDAY BELONGS TO THE #AKAs....THE "OFFICIAL" AFTER PARTY IS @ #INFERNO... PERIOD!! SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY @ 4:00PM!! BE THERE!!!
how u "think" somebody scratched u?
all summer camp themes done! Find us at our studio's in Novato, JCC, Marinwood Rec. and I am looking for a place in Mill Valley. Anyone?
ditto...ROBRADY design....look forward to working together this year...
Good question! Glancing at Wikipedia, it looks like 2 VPs have been nominated by the president & confirmed by Congress...
make sure u get us a copy of that mixtape 4 , we feature Indie artist on our radio and magazines.
Is your company's open enrollment for insurance coming up? We'll review your options for free so you know what you're getting! 757-486-4880
Hi. I'm Selena. -smiles sweetly at you-
Damn Novak got 2 blocks. :: pinches self::
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the follow fordieticians74 (fordieticians74)! :)
For those keeping up...Dad had a quiet night, good rest.
Commercial idea - Real Mexicans sitting around are given Taco Bell. They eat it, shrug, and say, "Not bad." Taco Bell: Not Bad.
in like two weeks!
I got a lot of loot an I ain't lookin for a lady u can never play me I'm from uptown baby
's children are SO precious and so proud of their Daddy! got to talk to them in Hollywood. Keep watching
dirty version/instrumental/acapella and his bio/publicity photo.
Also mentions Halle B...an actress.
Lames do lame shit. That's just how it goes!
your one of the most beautifulest woman wrestlers i just thought i would let you know Kelly Kelly. ;)
Wow! Thanks for this very nice note about our staff. We hope your daughter's tests continue to go well.
you need to make a Chicago trip to see what these midwest beaches are like! At least I'll take you bowfishing for asian carp!
always a win
#ECEtechCHAT I have some, just want more.11 teachers will be introducing digital microscopes, so I'm looking for more ideas
wardrobe fitting at Celtic Studios...impressive sound stages !
Yoga pants #because I'm too lazy for real pants.
When I look at the new computer renderings of LHC collisions, I long for the old, beautiful "bubble chamber" dancing sub-particles.
Yup, paper still abounds. My 2nd grader recently came home w/a record breaking 60 sheets of paper (yes, we keep track :)
I'll add that! thank you.
First ADDYs of the night go to , ,
Thanks for the RTs and favorites!
Some people are hopelessly devoted to their labels. Democrat? Republican? Liberal? Conservative? You are a sad sad waste of air.
Yoou never really can fix a heart ....
IKR love u too
The best damn thing: Love you.
FYI - Summerfest is 67 days away.
yuh mad bro?
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. - George Carlin
I'm sick of the universe telling me what to do! Yes, I asked for a sign on what to do, but 3 signs in the last 2 days? What??
of course. cuz no one cares.
Watching the original #Frankenstein with my daughter. Gotta love October!
Bard's pitch actually just disappeared
it's going to be OK. because you are awesome.
Decided to give it a test run.
Thanks for retweeting my post about tomorrow's episode of "Awake." You are awesome!
Fred, Vernon, and Martha
um, I think I am the one that is supposed to utter terrible puns.
Follow follow follow follow folow
Warriors sign C Kwame Brown to one-year deal
Happy that today is my Friday. :)
I got school in a few can you wish me luck please??
Just lose, baby! I get a first round draft pick, right?
...and he just hit #4, Mets broadcasters announced.
Absolutely you should
Considering fetching my second G&M crabcake from the fridge. I always feel I'm cheating when not with Boston Royalty.
- You support Rush Limbaugh? #FAIL - Do the right thing and Pull your ads.
RT Yeardley Love's mother and sister are also in the courtroom. Both are wearing light pink.
2014 G P.J. Thompson from Brebeuf ( ) will be in attendance for today's Butler game.
Glad you made it home safely! Looking forward to seeing you both SOON! Thanks for the Congratulations!
i can't explain this shit at all.
yup they go to Horizons
Blind Fury just killed it on Freestyle Friday
follow up app sent to bungie, really hoping to hear something back since it would be awesome to work there! next up: Riot & Naugty Dog
From our Geography Teacher of the Year: RT : "that's Milwaukee, not Wisconsin"
Girls-If your not gonna suck it don't touch it
because you got me one!
We're playing talent farm tonight! With some hot pop punk acts, might I add! :D See you there!
Pro-Gay marraige forever
why are you just now following me on twitter.....
It's Sunday!
Had a pretty "Happy Administrative Day" card on my desk this morning.. How cute :)
Congrats to Whitney Cummings for her new talk- I mean shout show!
Haha, not yet. Two is already a crowd.
...a guy I spoke with who represents the IL Railway Museum told me that a friend who lives near CTA's Skokie Shops witnessed a sad scene...
♬ We're here, we're listening ♬ Live, Feel, Enjoy Music ♬
anyone have access codes to share? I could use two. Thanks!
i want to give you a hug and say soothing words. I hope this is not indicative of the professors ability to teach...
my license still havnt came 😡
Love how dey have a chimpanzee commercial than show manny paccio fukin chump oops I mean chimp lol
Besto Pesto Food Demo at Mandela Co-op in West Oakland from 5-7pm this Monday Decemeber 19th. What a great gift this Holday Season. -T
I just told someone that my tweets are awesome. It won't be long before they realize how true that isn't.
"anything special going on tonight at Té?" Yes - hot tea ... and more hot tea!
when are you and the boyz coming to Boston? #BostonICONiacz follow me?
27k at first break I need to flop top pair or have middle pair hold to draws more, then I will be chip rich
I'm student of the month :D and I'm getting rewarded for it. Yayyy!
Just leaving work smh. gym time
How are you? (:
Thanks guy! Looking forward to Saturday.
will u ever be in the Memphis area??!!!??!!??
did you see Heidi Klum? Remember that blouse on very similar;)
my girl mentioned chris meloni in her interview. I just let a small fangirl squeek out of me.
I need a car.
This dumb ass phone! I didn't mean to RT that! Lol!
No idea
R.I.P Baatin of Slum Village
Lit candles and put them around my room while grooving to #TheBeatles. Good vibes. This is as close as I'll get to tripping tonight.
ultra shopping?lol
Back working on the eBidjob website. Connecting homeowners with home and garden contractors. Tree removal or prunning call 770-310-4650 Jeff
I'll have to settle for In My Eyes cover songs.
Getting tatted this weekend oh yeah
To believe in one's dreams is to spend all of one's life asleep
What a thrilling day!!! Such an honor to sing our country's National anthem at the Chicago Bulls playoff game 1! They won!!!
I don't think the world is ready for him! He's gonna shut everything down It's gonna be freakin EPIC! I'll be all smiles! :)
give them a piece of mine, too. Crazy making.
I'll be on the 3:50 today, I'll write your name and phone number on a seat for ya!
: my point exactly !
I'm going to make a ringtone of a phone vibrating. That'll freak you out.
Christmas break....... Thank god.
AH Miss you too!
hit the Atlantic and go east!!
: hide your hunterbase too!
U of Miami down against Duke at the half , 13-10. Duke is a good team with Thaddeus Lewis (Hialeah Miami Lakes) at QB.
Um. Okay Hinske. I'll take your 2-run homer to win the game. Ain't no thang!
:( Stay safe. Also, let's see about getting the team together for an ark-building offsite.
Nadia!! You're really here. I've been on a big Pink Floyd kick lately.
ok, goodnight BRO ;)
It's amazing what good a little run will do for you!
birthday rockets!
I am holding back on a Gabby Giffords joke...
Opening our new state of the art Minimally Invasive Spine Center on March 14th. The most advances comprehensive spine center is coming soon!
What. A. Trade.
About to hop in the shower again haha 👍🛀
the pilot was laid to the bone, home...
CINCO de MAYO POOL PARTY w/ #TheHangover DETAILS coming soon! LIVE MUSIC w/ BBQ grill and DJ
oh okay. I could care less regardless.
I'm a Motherlover, you're a Motherlover, we should... Happy Mother's Day!!
Some web dev today, it's been a while.
So much girl power! I'm so flattered to be receiving so much great feedback from everyone! Thank you so much! Much love! <333
Please send all collabs to lets work
hey love your song #CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS i cant get it out my head
I've been good. How bout u?
#herworld Jennie, gr8 to have u there. Ur attendance helped encourage others. thanks!
are you still online? please say you are!!
So that's why it's taking forever for me to download files...
I should have been filming pieces the whole time. Would have made for a great vid
That's shit was funny haha
Wow. What a finish -- but no goal for Barcelona. Chelsea wins 1-0.
Love summer. Love it.
Why thank you for the support on Saturday:)
Thanks--great to meet you, and so glad you made it to the show.
Update via TX AG's office: The state's request for a stay on the PP suit permanent injunction was granted
i have the EXTREME URGE!!!!! to climb on TALL THINGS!!! then most likely blow shit up ;) #STWOF <3
TONIGHT @ ONE UP Classic Wednesday's!! Time to dance and party with DJ Automatic playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music
I feel like breaking down
Hi Tweeps! Haven't been on this in a while! Tnight on 10, we're on the scene of a huge Urbandale apt. fire... tune in for the latest!
RT : NE extreme candidate #Deb Fischer knocks off establishment favorite. R's base trys to win extremist...
There's still plenty of time left for $4 salads at the Bakehouse!! We hope to see you there....
Why not
is stunned.
Well, I do plan to dress in black
Absolutely this RT : Every time I hear the #Beatles I'm struck by what a genius George Martin was.
oh girl, this is good! xx
Thoughts on the impact of greatly expanded access to #studentloans as a contributor to pct #highered students taking them?
you had lessons into your 20s? I dropped out in 2nd grade woot!
one hell of an idea!
Times Niemi has been pulled: 2. Times Quick has been pulled: 0. I see who's the better goalie.
loll I jus got home, I thought u was sleepn
Congratulations! We are still reeling off of the Atlanta concert on Sunday. Peace & Love.
Yes, He did! Aapne dekhli film? :)
Songwriters! Check out Google Music out today! Definitely worth your while!
On the road again!
ha nice to meet you to Tati! Keep in touch!
you mean you don't get why it's a finalist?
I wanna know what's in my Easter basket [:
follow me plz im too in luv
We dig ur profile hero. Way 2 support
A friend would hold your umbrella in the rain. But a best friend would take it and say "RUN BITCH RUN!" I thought of you(x
Im so sick of people judging me and making me feel bad
but I also hate non-product placement like in Big Bang Theory where every label is fake. it's distracting.
Im full as shit
how ya been?
So excited for Eric Church and to hang with my favorite sisstaaaa tonight!! Ready to have a blast after this week from hell :)
Do you know someone whose vision is affected by glaucoma? This Glaucoma Vision Simulator from EyeSmart can show you how they see. Slide...
oohhhh buuuubbbyy!! He's its true im old now..waaaaahhhh.
Tuesday: is closed but there's a truck meetup on Adams.
Well im off too bed (:
I wish I could tell that person she looks like Donald ducks girlfriend Daisy:/ with out offending her;)
People need to learn the difference between lust and love.
Now following so I can get all the latest news on
im a cheapass...we played mini golf and went to the mirror maze.
....is it for my compilation?
Ticker tape parade for the Giants. Give yourself extra time to get downtown if you are trying to get the The Statue of Liberty or Ellis...
omg so adorable
Oh ok yah I'm stupid xP can't blame me x) cuz that's me x) wait o.O i shudnt be happy bout this....this is a bad thing...
I'm thoroughly enjoying these two twitter accounts: There are never enough Fight Club references out there.
questionable brad Pitt on a school night ?
Make sure you hear talk about engaging students thru social media: 10:45, M100I (downstairs)
May 13th! Can't wait. We should catch up over drinks when you have some free time!
Some guy just did a magic trick on me! My mind =blown!
Don't be ridiculous. The only thing cats feel is scorn.
'What can we do with our stories, but tell them?” Sena Jeter Naslund
selling sodas by the gallon and not providing public bathrooms is a crime.
It wasn't our honor it was Although we are patriotic employers too.
but i MISS YOU GUYS, and hopefully i'll be baack for good soon! <3333
Speaking of events, we just published our newest poetry anthology & would love to chat with you.
I have some #AmericanHorrorStory catching up to do.
Wonder if Amar'e will be joining Charlie Sheen on his new TV show "Anger Management".........
❤🎈❤🎈“: Whitney Houston's final performance just two days ago was "Jesus Loves Me" -- you will be missed Whitney!!”
Haha foo fighters are a garage band!!
RT Wow getting over you is literally going to be the hardest thing ever ugh. Why can't I stop loving you.
Some Awesome tweet pals 2
It is still top secret so I can't tell you here.
What are his hours? We'd make the trip down for such a cool establishment.
If you're a woman & you work hard for the money, thank Donna Summer for giving you an anthem & reminding the world of your dignity.
Currently listening to new friend Deborah Jones from Univ of Melbourne discuss LMS usage at her school (Cerbibo conf, China)
Thank you for the RT Sweetie (pun intended :~)
Build A Rocket really has a completely different feel, just like each of their albums do.. I really hope it grows on you!
“: There's nothing more cringe-worthy than a guy with long fingernails - what if he plays guitar?
How do you make metal not so shiny? Use sandpaper. When developing one of the GeboMana designs in Bali yes-we use sandpaper but VERY gently.
If you don't want to go by your real name, don't open a Google+ account right now.
The guitar doodle today is awesome!!
Be sure to visit Booth #801 at ASHA. Awesome communication devices and educational tools!
I'll hurt my friend if it means helping them in the end. People won't learn until they get burned by the fire.
Mother wanted a minister, but he popularized the term hooker for whore. GENERAL HOOKER'S GALby CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
can you follow back it will make my day if you did :)
I am now officially a Cinefamily member! And just in time for their Studio Ghibli retrospective!
I know my tweets are good when I get a "hahahaha" text from .
Just glad college hoops are back. Like to see #Terps compete, but at least there's hope for future (unlike football team).
#dtl2011 definitely feeling the pain
Anyone work out at Anytime Fitness in Madison? Can't find any info on the rates, etc., online...
setlist for may 27th show: -tasted twice -summer storm -queen of sheba -the botanist (man, i wish could be there to sing!)
Live for something rather than die for nothing ~ George Patton
My Twitter friends, please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com. Great music, videos, photos & more!!!
The weather today is going to be beautiful. So go outside and enjoy it! Then bring them good vibes to Terra at 7
starting to reconsider the merits of escape to vietnam...
to bad
It’s time for our Friday #entrepreneur tweet. #Startup knowledge to follow in 5 minutes.
I heart she is my favorite
Now attending: New Developments and Trends in Employment Law w/ Christine Lamb, Esq. at
just finished writing the U.S History project. ugh my hand hurts. and i actually thinked.
Oh, well it was worth the try I guess.
"but gladly everyday imke my dsughter happy" :)
I'm so fuxking bored!!!! Work needs to be over
He may have been 7 but he still got a good piece of my ankle. Little punk.
Know any angel investors that are looking to get into a great iphone app? Sport theme - educates folks how to make better pool shots.
Bacon, egg and cheese bagel would be nice right about now
- Happy Easter!
Can't talk or hear anything
....an he mustve asked my at lest 3 time how to spell Bieber...finally found the CD after abt 5 minutes ahah
Write a letter to an Angel,place it upon your alter and believe.
Kudos! end of an Era! awesome 8yrs watching y'all!! Sad night! Epic ending for a MOVIE!
Great and you? :-)
: Thanks! Just for that I will fully invest in you guys if I win ;-) May the luck of the Irish be with you. Powerball jackpot
me too always makes my day better and can always bring a smile to my face. We have a lot in common (:
you might want to try calling Housing: 973-353-1037
don't think he should apologize for the call-out BUT I respect the action.
did you grab those yellow elite Lebrons
Do something different with $2 a day. Lose weight and be healthier by ordering Skinny Fiber! Money back guarantee....
Was in canton. Trying to get to Royal Oak. Avoided backup on 275. Took 96. Southfield fwy closed. Then 94 to 75 and home. Why, Michigan why?
Electro night at the Davis Graduate tonight
Just throwing this out there: Perhaps Mexico should consider legalizing drugs?
I don't know what it is but I'm craving cupcakes again!!
Hahah I know, right? Cable Pretzel broke up after Small World, for obvious reasons...
No kidding! Thanks!
slaimon the god follow me back :)
Watching "The FOX Report With Shepard Smith" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
💪 got my tickets to the gun show 🔫
Whoadere RT : Girls that smell like fish
Oh yeah I bumped into at Plaza Bonita today.. c:
What happened to zayn? :O
RT : Have a great start to the semester, Marquette students!
Right back at you , thanks for the follow! In which city do you shoot?
You know, I've been waiting for someone to ask. It feels odd. Oddest in rare moments when I actually identify w/ the character.
Anytime. :) Wish I could go this year, but will keep up via your stories!
was wearing a FREE ENES shirt in his video last night?
Getting back into Minecraft. Disaster.
great, you
Film directers like Michael Bay and Robert Rodriguez make the actors mark out.Viva Machete!,Boom!
#HappyMothersDay Papa and I are BBQing for my Mom!
Niggas Hatin Cause Im Takin They Bitch...And Later On That We..#ExchangeFuckFaces!
Nice little cold front moving thru Texas I like......
Excited and energized after great conversations with and tonight.
Can we bring back recess for the adults too? After lunch is perfect to run and play!
Miami Heat goes down! May not be the best team in the east.
Had a great time interviewing Lance Ledbetter of for with this afternoon.
i forever love you for this :)
hope shows and everything else is going well for you sweetie. You look gorgeous in your new pic, xoxox
Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in! Ha
past few days have featured me and my headphones for hours on end.
some dude with a fake profile to scare peeps away. Trying to say I was harassing someone. Apparently he's >18 posting dirty shit.
Lol lol he just said ok call HER.....LIKE Really.....
#ProLoveMarchATL is not a protest. Pro-Love March is a rally to promote peace, love, and unity.
My apologies - will remove it.
please stop showing Bynum's injury, it's making me sick to my stomach and im even a Lakers fan.
Konrad will still see time in midfield.
Hahahaha!!!! How far into it have you gotten?
u know what I meant by that.. No te hagas
#THINKBLUE “: Super performance by Kershaw to lead to victory. homers again & Ethier hot hitting.”
We'll have their info day-of! Watch for it! RT Will u be tweeting presnter info during the conf?
Just a few more followers to get to 1,000 !! ReTweet so others can follow the best 'Q in San Francisco !! Thanks
is the real or spam
How do u get up from an all time low
One advantage of being #madisonsmc member you can also be a National SMC member - Resonable fees and helps the local group
Your really cute :) Just thought I would let you know. Okay, bye.
Wait till he gets his solo. It's friggin sick!
come in for brunch and stay warmed up by our fire! $3 mimosas!
You know it's been an interesting weekend when your girlfriend texts you after a bachelorette party to tell you she got kicked in the face!
not able to attend FETC this year. does anyone have a suggestion for good tech PD outside of Ohio?
Here's my "official" permission to love people AND give them your brilliance
Kohl says it's purely speculation, but Probably a combination of public and private funds
new study hall is on lock down!
RT : thanks for the speedy recovery wishes. Let's take the 3 points today against Philly...
hahaha okay! :p whatever you say!
u look like 2 chainz a little bit.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
naptime, 100%, all the time. That was the best part about kindergarten...
lol okay great!
Thank you both.
Change yourself and fortune will change with you. - Portugese Proverb
Instead of brushing my teeth, I just put Listerine in all my drinks.
we could share it. You get it during the day and I'll have it at night!
hello dailybooth hello
great job #kellyclarkson!!!
My heart is slowly breaking:'( make it better? :'(
Dang, we gonna YOLO this Sunday at the Drake Concert. Ops my bad, some of us will JOLO there too. LOL
Tired of turkey? Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 4-9pm. Mention our name to help donate 20%!
I miss you!!! Txt me after school babe! <3
Why do girls make the "duckface" in photos?
well played...can we get a sneak peak of the next big social media platform?
Punk'd
not really. Dinner with M'lady and probably do some work. Adult type shit.
I guess I'll be getting them next then.
stopped listening months ago.
received a phone call from my daddy this pm censuring me for using the eff-word on my fb. What u think @ that, Willis?
ugh at least your not stuck in Charlotte! Half of us got left here and stuck going to a different airport!
What a day!! NW boat Sports is blowing up!! I need HELP!!!
Like dhh analogy: "A conservative is a liberal who got mugged." Mugged by technology....
Jealous of your travels
***Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS its on NOW!!!*** email for specials
good one bobby
And then you cry and take Advil. The strain of moving house crushes the soul of the introspection that such a time deserves.
people suck.
#NFLrookie advice: As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard. Get #PR ready!
Ugh! Really windy & rainy weather = bad hair day for my live shots!
Time to do it
any dog people have advice for a 4 month old puppy who bites at leash and the person holding the leash?
Of cource I can.. I thought I already did .. will do it right now. :)
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Sleeping with the Enemy
Saw #SirAnthonyHopkins in a restaurant today, & didn't even recognize him at first. He's so unassuming.
I told him, where i come from, i dont want to go back.
Hey *pats vagina*
Legal gambling
Don't want this to be over.
my phone either re-sends texts to people or withholds texts sent to me. -__-
says some bacteria from food illness excrete toxins that can do a lot of damage
Oscars gift suite with ecofriendly goodies..just did a Psa for Global Green Technology and happy to serve our world!
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong - JC Pearce
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
Want me to keep it 100 with you, ya ass better do the same. You fake to me ima be fake to you. Real.bitch.shit
Math teachers speak up with your classroom ideas!! I wish there was a math app that....
I saw when you were working on that. It turned out lovely!
` Wishing I Had A Subway Sandwhich Right Now (:
Is it weird I sang meatloaf's song all day and now I'm eating it for dinner? Haha
Looking forward to 's eHealth summit on December 12, 2011
Google plus: an exorsize in how to be social without any friends.
hallucinatory ice cream? Reminds me of the movie Friday where Big Worm uses an ice cream truck as a front for drug dealing.
Can't wait to go back to bed feel like complete shit! 😨
If you'd asked me a year ago what I'd be doing today, I'd probably have no idea. But I wouldn't have said "writing a film treatment".
This scene in the Guild where Codex talks with puddng in her mouth grosses me the hell out. Ugh, Codex! Stop distracting me from noveling!
Like half of Tony's villains, he's supposed to be Evil Tony, but this guy? He's The Dude. Until he gets his own suit
How big an issue is bike theft in Portland? Are you a victim? What's your solution?
fuck yeah! Let's hope London is as generous with free wifi as Dublin was. So far so good
& you've gone retarded to quote bring it on! Lol
Nice to tweet again! Tech difficult during game - proud of Mavs effort especially in the 4th quarter. Roddy & Vince C impressed!
phone stay ringin though
How many tweets does it take to be the center of a nude photo scandal?
awesome... A "W" is a "W" bro... Great job. Sorry I couldn't make it.
Good morning! Today is #NationalTrainDay at and I'm excited. Model railroads are being set up now!
are u feeling better?(:
Did Tiago Splitter just airball two consecutive free throws?!?
<3 Feeling so blessed! "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up to you." :)
-- if the league has any integrity..yes he sits.
Peasants only treat her like a Queen
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
And the crowd goes wild!!
I am still waiting on that explanation.
Wishing everyone a Happy 4th of July!
yeesh. Glad I don't work at DOJ...apparently protesters are knocking all sorts of websites down in backlash for megavideo takedown
im completely all about me. it sucks to say it but #ImFullOfMyself ;-)
there is a mmj ordinance on the agenda in San Diego for March 28th. We are running a huge grassroots campaign to impact it!
please follow me please!! Cam =)
lost 2 followers..i know who you are, so your loss bby
iPhone. Yes in WI.
NFL Films Present: Passion and Piano Man, has mad musical skills! check it out!
I've come to the realization that i need more girlfriends. -_-
TURN DOWN YOUR FREAKING MUSIC BEFORE I DO IT FOR YOU. If I can hear it, so can you
date in april is not set. Meeting will be in north hills.
Don't be a whiney fuck
It’s that time of the year when high school seniors are anxiously waiting by the mailbox for those thick envelopes from their dream...
It's like a pattern in Atlanta.. They collect ur number and only use it wen they horny. Try something else.
love you -
Man sometimes i think its hopefully inpssible to act but i go on with cz thats wat i love and passion so i do it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 so happy
There are many things I can live without but this is something that if I don't get I will have a major breakdown #gottahaveit haha
We're not Geeks, We're experts! Call 404-702-2865!
Bring on Miami!!!!
did you check out that bilal video?
I'm undead, unfed, been sleeping on bunk beds since ten
Hey Randy! I recently joined your Linkedin group, "Twitter Strategies." Looking forward to learning new things!
ah yes. fear is a great motivator.
The Bahamas to host Miss Universe 2012...
:) Thanks for the RT!
Its so cold out I hate the rain !!!!!!!
If I dunk on someone this weekend y'all won't hear the end of it...might as well unfollow me as soon as I say it!
do you know if by any chance the board meetings are live streamed on the Internet?
Thanks for your message! I'll add it to my Magick Hat for this week's Messages from the Spirit World!Blessings, Psychic Bob
Not coolRT she cheers for the team playing against the packers every week
FEAR nobody BUT god !")
For the record, I still haven't *eaten* anything at White Castle.
Scoops - Amazing Organic Espresso and Premium Ice Cream in Payson, Arizona
thanks i will definitely remind you
freaky fast delivery
"That is the squirrel you are looking for. That is the squirrel you are looking for." Me trying to get my cat to run head first into window
it was missing 1 word I was saying work it girl!
i almost died today at lunch people were acting like animals lol
dude like your like 25? or something and im freaking 16 years old soon 17 august 7th so STOP HITING ON ME #CREEP! urggh
The only time single life is were its at is wen u in a relationship
thank you! Its much shorter than normal! And thank you for the shoes!
as soon as i meet up with the designer hes got some bigger clients like soulja boy n juicy j hes workin on so gotta wait smh
Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
thanks for the follow! 谢谢你的跟着
Lakeshore Kitchen would like to wish everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving!!
I agree.They should show women in true form in the fetal position, crying, eating funyuns and watching when harry met sally.
If I Die Tomorrow #ireallywant to make happy my followers with my tweets, follow
#ff cuz he swings his bass
are you going??
I just saw My Week With Marilyn! It was so good! Michelle Williams is amazing! Oscar worthy!
omfg who remembers honesty blogs on MySpace?
Contact Papa's Pantry and lean how you can pitch in and help their excellent work.
Welcome to getting older. Haha. MT: ": I used to be able to drink at least 6 shots of espresso a day...WHAT GIVES."
Happily attended the New York Peace Institute Launch Party last night.
The more you stress it, the more it will hurt. Keep that in mind.
Perfect analogy. I'm saying that if we put all resources into stopping 1 assault when there were 100 murders it would be BS.
tanning then out to dinner with my sister <3
well dang it's gonna have to work! My life is there
Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets. :)
Its crazy how to tear drops make a heart.
yay! glad i could help you with your morning caffeine fix. those atticus peeps are awesome.
#illpunchyouintheface if you say cant sing!!!!! -anna
Would that be trouble marketing to women, or trouble with women romantically? ;-)
hit me up. lmao and yeah
#IslamTaughtMe to be a better man, and to never take anything for granted.
Great back to back Italian dinners. Trattoria Stella on Colfax Friday and Tuscany Tavern tonight in evergreen.
#Linsanity is even more real than Tebow mania. He could be what Yao couldn't be for Asian ground breakers in America.
indoors or out?
Morning Farmers, stop by today & pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton & don't forget 10% off all H20 concentrates today
The hardest thing for me to understand about captain America is HOW CHRIS EVANS IS SO TINY IN THE BEGINNING. Movie magic, guys. MAGIC.
Pick.Click.Give kicks off in less than a month when we Alaskans apply for our PFDs online. Follow for details.
well your gay!
The Spurs need to trade to even be in contention. The Lakers are the best in the west and the Spurs are far from them.
Bay-bay does it again! Go Broncos! Go Jackets!
Are you in heaven? RT : Every food event should have BBQ, fried chicken, spirits, and a #bourbon aisle.
Jazz-folk harp at Mayne Stage.
I'm always game... and the sparklier the better!
So disappointed in and I've only been here a few hours...
thanks for the #ff and RT!!! Hope the end of the world is as satisfying for you as it is for us!
Today I am thankful for my excellent health. It feels great to be alive and active. Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for?
sorry I didnt know I wasny,gotcha
Good morning everyone. Have a terrific Friday!
Winner picked! RT : We picked a winner for the giveaway!! Stay tuned! Winner announced tomorrow!!
RT : I heard that April is Wear a Hijab in Solidarity Month. Is this just in San Diego?
Patience is a great skill to tame <=TECHNO=>
I was so ready to make a PB&J but there's no fucking bread! >:/
I think Ted Thompson & the #Packers got exactly who they wanted with Nick Perry at 28. I'm very pleased with the pick. Welcome to the Pack
What is going on ?
UK looks awful. Our fans in the lower arena suck. Davis is out. Ole Miss hitting everything. I'm aggravated.
someone was playing the harmonica downstairs at 1130pm. House rule: no harmonica after 10pm.
Now Josh Vitters with a three-run double for Iowa. I-Cubs all over Fresno, 8-0 in 5th
New comp ftw!
thank you! I love that song (:
On this day in history, Babe Ruth hit his 60th homerun of the season (1927), and James Dean was killed in a car crash (1955).
I'm bored
BREAKING - NOW ON YOUTUBE! VIDEO of Marine Iraq War Veteran Scott Olsen just moments before being hit by Oakland Police at Occupy Oakland...
Eat a banana. And I'll buy you 5 liters of that tea to get you back for taking me to that place! lol
pool closed-broken pump. they get to run instead only 24 days until tri for them and 23 days for me
Harry Potter, the boy who lived. Come to die.
I'm on a country kick.
#eisummit John Katzman: in 10 years colleges will not be involved in remediation. Agree or disagree?
Im gonna to marry He sings like his life depends on it and I wud love 2 be surrounded by that dedication everyday of my life.
Baby don't you ever get to comfortable ♡
Still suck at tweets. Forcing new ones every hour. Hour 1: a French wine hangover seems much more pleasant than an American wine hangover.
its gone start about 10 something
Watching walk in on someone in a stall... Priceless
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe : When Im Cleaning & someone says " You Missed A spot" okay zaam.
I ask myself that everyday.
: How was your visit? Were you servicing or browsing?
double your stack a day to keep the doctor away!
aw :( it'll happen!! stay positive :)
Sailor Moon my nigga.
Join the SD Public Library 2:30 820 E Street all April for Friday Talking Pictures feat. Gus Van Sant. 4/6 selection: "Drugstore Cowboy"
Anybody know were austin is??? #worried havent herd him anybody
same here!
i can't even say i hate KD... but i can say i dont want the thunder to win...
Watching a movie in anthropology today. What a wonderful announcement!
hey buddy, my friends daughter wanted to know if saga was 18 & up on certain days
Down over 20 lbs since January 1st and it's all thanks to Best $100 I've spent since buying the original Nintendo at age 7.
Is anyone teaching APUSH collaboratively with APLANG? I'm trying to get this set up @ my school. Suggestions?
Austin, i love you<3
Follow bakk please
Thanks for the follow. Just so you know, I think you are really amazing. :-) Have a great weekend!
Why be fake? Being real takes less effort.
i have no idea, hahaha
RT : you should be bloging this- lol I need some1 to start my page for me......
ePlus Technology Renews Cisco Video Surveillance Authorized Technology Provider Status in the United States
There is really no appropriate time for Michael Jackson songs played on fiddle.
New obsession
If you happy and you know it slap your friend!!!! *looks at *
Good morning everyone! How was your weekend? Today we will do a bit of Q & A! Trivia fun!!! So what for it starting at 10am!
awee damn i used all my skips , , #SlawwAssSong doee
For my gamer friends out there don't forget to follow
BULLS WIN!!!!!!! Bring on the Miami Heat!! I can't wait!
First time on twitter. It's fun! Just hope I won't become addicted to it:))
The only class there should be is human
Today is National Teachers Day. Who was your favorite teacher?
RT : Awesome! has informed us that the shirts we ordered for our 4 Parties shows are in! Teaser: They are COOL AS HELL.
His claim is that we learn less from lectures than other methods.I don't see why a single session would be an exception.
RT RT : I'll tell you who #FF . He is a student of silent film and has raised awareness of them via twitter!
Captin america <3 favorite super hero.
its all because of GOD <3
It's a lotta bad bitches in the building
"Forepaw arched, eager eyes, I set upon the day's sparrow as a swallowtail lands upon a limb of box elder..."
#RESPECT RT : All Tht & A Damn Broken Hand Whachu Got Kobe.!!!
Monitor ur heart! Become very sensitive to what ur focused on and what u let in to ur life. Neglecting ur spiritual life=a hardened heart
That's perfectly fine, I need to watch it about three more times anyway.
Tonight at Exit In 9 PM with Ill Communication
I aint been retweeted in a solid hour so im off this bitch dueces
On set!!! I'm cold and sick but I am ready!!!
Haha :] I'll be waiting to meet you! lots of love :] are you going to work on a new song?
My mom called to say thanks for the $100 I left on her bed, and that Im her #1 lol I know
To my faithful followers: Josh, Elizabeth, Pamela, Erin and That Camp Columbus... I won't forget you when I get, like, 25 followers. Mkay?
It is so time consuming! But I see that businesses are having success with it, so I want to figure it out. We'll see ;-)
Happy you finally saw it!! Hope you liked it :)
:( my friend got mayday parade concert tickets for her bday and now she cant go because none of her friends can and I cant either):
i got a lot of music connection just need advice cause ima go getter and workin wit people is my thang
Musicians and dancers set stage for Dalai Lama at Loyola Thursday.
like for instance I bet you have an amazing life story - share a piece of it with them based on am observation.
hope you are thinking of the bbn when you make your decision today #GO BIG BLUE
How do you know when to stop repairing broken process? Create productive chaos to interrupt, innovate, re-invent, redefine - REPLACE.
My girlfriend is absolutely obsessed with Starkid. It is RIDICULOUS!
hey! kan you please help me get more followers! omg it would make my world shine! like you know retweet my tweets and promo me
I haven't been to a concert in forever! It's been 2 months!!!! :O
feeling disheartened.
that was hilarious lol
I make homes that inspire, what do you do?
Major performance boost for Upgrade Soul after tweaking shaders... nice start to the day!
Join us on FB to find out what they are
I cant right now cuz im on a follow limit but ill try when I can (: (:
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I dropped out
iDO THE SHiT HALF OF YOU BiTCHES WiSH YOU COULD DO
DJ Kiss borrowed gloves for a photo shoot. She is the best DJ in NY
Does anyone really like macarons? They're basically the Ding Dongs of French pâtisserie.
That awkward moment when your just jammin out and you start singing really loud and don't realize it !
renting you're better off just looking online, don't waste money by going through a third party...
#Ersquake!!! What a put back!
Follow Great show also appearing in the NYMF with book, music and lyrics by the talented David Nugent!
Even in VA have to see the Steelers, at BW3 with to cheer our boys to a victory!
the crisis continues when guilders treat fellow guilders with impunity
And I bet the test was totally worth the fee they made you pay for the privilege of taking it.
nice tits
Dear ex best friend's little sister, no, I don't want to talk to you. Thanks again, East campus.
Getting stuff ready for tonight
Needs to find my happy place and vacation there for about a week :)
Oh my goodness , my phone is being so dumb -__-
song is "reason to believe"
The Medieval Faire in Norman this weekend! Love their disclaimer: "Firearms not permitted. Blades must be kept sheathed and peace-tied."
praying for you & your family.
#mattarnold to #mcfarland @ #lpr2011 - #weinberger principles not being followed - mission scope creep occurs left and right but no funding.
RT : Your inner intelligence is the ultimate & supreme genius & mirrors the wisdom of the universe
Just landed in NYC with !
Follow-----> to gain more followers
Quicktime is best.
Note to self: procure a freakin check register before adding more blank paper to this one.
everyday of our lives, wanna find you there wanna hold on tight.
no one gives a fuck
The thermostat was invented 125 years ago, but I have yet to work in an office with one that has anything but Africa and Sibera as settings.
Furthur played my brother esau tonight! Do it again Friday!
Had a great meeting with Wayne County Democrats in Richmond last night... looking good for their municipal elections
RT : RU going to enjoy Tequila on Cinco de Mayo? What is your favorite sipping tequila? Please share & follow 2 ...
"Maybe I'll save a couple bucks and buy Trader Joe's coffee" - Me, being an idiot.
Thanks! So far so good, looks like all on time and to Providence by noon.
the show.?
Happy Birthday !
saaaweet! Let's go this summer and knock that sucka off my bucket list!!
With an off day to follow, I may have to stay off the internet until Saturday morning.
I'll email you two and we'll get working on it!
thanks. really glad you got to see it. cool evening overall, huh?
:/ if its possible. You def should do both :D
TGIF! Come in for a fish fry made with 's Louies Demise Amber ale!
The Clippers are getting cheated in their own building. Damn shame
I have no idea what the hell that is but still don't think it's worth it
I really want to read the book Information Diet
We loved it because parking was easy and it was never busy... uh oh
THANK YOU so much. It's means so much! :)
seattle is crazy today. there's this bright ball of fire in the sky, shining on the city.
Everybody on dick now.
#OneTimeInPalestine those in Gaza could fish the sea without being assassinated by Israeli snipers.
Not saying today was the best or something I just liked the tweet yea
I guess you are done tweeting
when can teams sign gilbert arenas? Are the hawks in the mix?
4XEM will be launching a new line of cameras and PoE products soon. They will all be available through existing resellers and distributors
. Lies about the Pres r fine but the truth about Romney is a bit too much??? Mean Core early-on!!
Who else out there has a picture of themselves shaking Bill Mallory's hand?
Yea he told me that. He went to the new SMG studio.
Just Registered!!! Can't wait.
definitely going to check Project Foundry out. Thanks for sharing!
Blame Corbett. NA is having a big retirement. Chances are they are hiring.
I give up on this class, time to eat my breakfast.
Good night Irma
thanks partner :)
I did folow for u
u knw ur mexican when ur mom always says carlos jr. instead of carl's jr. LMAO she craks me up:)
Do you think M83 is being supported by a group of Victoria's Secret models on this current US tour?
KEEP IT OPEN NEVER CLOSED
got it! Thanks, I've passed it to the appropriate people.
#WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close and having so much to say and watching you walk away and knowing what could've been & seeing that (c)
I like using two people for time estimates. One is the estimator. One is the dedicated reality checker and number padder.
the funny cruel world we live in lmao
LIVE AND LEARN - Columbia Daily Tribune
#ILoveWhenYou text me every minute :)
#MentionYourCrush well my crush doesn't have a twitter so😳
glad orioles let him go for a guy with no hits this year. Ugh we could use him
not being Tom...but I hope you lose!
What did the really ugly man do for a living? He posed for Halloween masks.
Great set by you I should say.
You're welcome! Keep up the good work!
all i see is flashing lights out my window haha getting outta hand now.
Thinking of doing an unforgettaball for Comerica Park and the Detroit Tigers, any input? Do fans like this stadium?
inbox clean, research started bring on the end of this semester!
It's nice to see you on Twitter, !
Superintendent Deasy needs report cards too! He hasn't brought it home signed yet.
ramming your car into a tree on purpose is pretty fun
let's go see it and cry together
the best dude. Still eat it with my hands like the old days too
etting rid of deion branch dont think hes good enough steve smith the one who plays for the eagles is on my team
I have eaten everything in my house with these snow days..time for a trip to and maybe a long run at the gym.
Get your brand noticed over and over with our great new #logo screen cleaner for #ipad, #ipod, #blackberry. Contact !
Can't wait to get my daily laugh from mrs isacs.
worst. night. ever.
Ghonim at Harvard speaking on the Arab Spring: the Internet can mobilize and organize for change.
were your Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny millionaires?
BC up 2-0 over #UMD in the Northeast Regional Hockey Finals--2 period
my sister just had a baby boy, his name is Liam Thomas and he is perfect!
Nope, no chance. Someone call me afterwards.
RT : #LiNC talk social marketing. Fox Netwkw American Idol . Brandon Vallade //Better explain why Skylar still on. LOL
Crowd is kind of in shock with the early placement of YEM
One reason I prefer the over the 8th Note: less mall goths.
m ready to bet 100k cash Black Friday is 10x better then Pink Friday !
At the Starlight Halloween Bash inCovina! Happy Halloween!
Every end is the start of something new
There is still fire equipment 1200 block Baylis
I'm about to DJ the Nicole Miller Fall 2012 show at 6pm.
Contagious excitement!!! RT : YES. I am so there! Welcome to Things. That. I. Love. Eeep!
I am hoping...trying my best to see what we have as options.
keep riding so you can keep eating
Grab your dancing shoes
Great Techcocktail DC event tonight! Proud to be a part of the DC tech community. Fantastic energy!
yes ass in my face lmao
I thought the implication was that he failed to get it. For all his live-in-the-now philosophy, he's growing rigid. (cont'd)
Thanks for the follow! I think your WikiMommy site will help out a dad like me too! :)
Arrived in ATL...miss FL and everyone bein there so much :( hate how it only takes a huge party to bring us together ;(
Let me get my 6inch heels on so then you can appreciate me then :P
thanks! I believe it was the publisher and author's response to some feedback on the original. I appreciate your support!
Thank you for that :)
its always great up there
haha its okaai loser you still made my day..<3
I should have gone to the gym today. I didn't. Totally slept in. Now i'm kinda feeling guilty.
lol true pixel mastery is when the client doesn't complain
Recommendations on Austin based #dataviz folks to follow? Would love to see a #FF on a Wed!
So much letterpress news! Following updates from Boston.
#IfITellYou how I really feel... You won't be my friend anymore
He Ain't a sinner so don't judge him /died on the cross that you can live again/think this's a game while the devil's Such a nuisance
I would very much like to have pictures together please.
Final meeting of the year! Excited to see all the ladies!
#Romney #mitt2012 #AnnRomney don't you dare pretend to understand my struggles . Have you gone hungry to feed your child? Shut the #fuck up
Snapping right now. About to start drinking.
Someone take a walk to the bay with me*
Enjoyed your article. Gave a good perspective of the company in relation to their 1Q earning.
My SSN and Steve Jobs' are less that 3000 apart! I had no idea we were related.
bring the kid with you. they should see Avengers too :)
Could you be any more Canadian? You spend your life in a hockey rink! ;-)
you look amazing(:
Big thanks to and Steve Shipman for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate. Great food & friends.
Thanks for the shout out! Hope to see a lot of RYP members at the party
So while i was trying to tune my guitar, my string popped. Scared the crap out of me!
how old will u be?
You have to go through the whole grieving process, Sean.
Um, sista from anotha mista. I'm heartbroken and in trouble. Help me before my soul dies.
Sometimes I wonder why u converse with this this big bitch.. she is the worse!!
Can't afford a web design but want a mobile site? Check out mobify.me.
Make me do what ever i aint givin ah shit, when this bullshits ova ima be dippin like ah chicken strip
So. got this opportunity to go to FL for a few days and bust out some mofudgin Tattoos. The question is. Can the jag make it again? O.o Hmm
Good morning to all my beautiful followers
yeaa im major skel. still at school b home around 4
The Shinning. Jack Nickelson.
“ Have fun, enjoy life and dismiss all negativity. Be The Best even when people think the Worse of U. Let God Be The Judge”
The wine is chilling the goodies are being prepared & we are set for a wonderful evening! See you soon for Winter KISSes heartspark!
Tweet about fear of frilly hotel bedspreads → Great chat over tea w/ about product ideas & SFO vs. NYC vs. YVR tech scenes.
Officially taken the day off.
I can do it :) Am I allowed to?
how likely is this move. I agree a GREAT FIT
Big shout out to follower 1,000 (again!) Welcome & thanks for follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
Watching #thekilling with
Working on this cool book thingie!! Enjoy food at your lowest natural weight. Now THAT doesn't sound terrible at all, does it?
Dear Saints Staff, PAY DREW BREES!!!
New Album #Notrespassing #tooshort is Dope!
(Heavy Metal) Kerry Varella & Wisdom "Adulator"
RT : WWE Wrestling is fake as shit.... | are just coming to this conclusion now or just sayin? :)
Exploring Kuala Lumpur for a few.Strange to be surrounded by people of color again after complete isolation from that.
40 full clip
Yes! Heading to educators breakfast now.
saw him at Rose Bowl, guy is a legit WR
stay thirsty my friend
Thus the contract impasse. Tough to put a value on such untraditional production
ohh i love dem . except i dont rlly know jordan loll
I sent you some but I was fucked up in some of them((: Ohh well
re-naming every room after famous Milwaukeeans. which room should be the Christopher Latham Sholes Typewriter room?
RT RT : “Genuine forgiveness draws us right into the heart of divine life.” – Marjorie J. Thompson
yeessss. we are such fails. 😂
Bronson: "The best of my recollection is I put the wine glass in the kitchen...and crawled into bed at about 7 p.m."
My little girl who's 6yrs is telling me about her trip to Whitewater last night. The Greek yard-show daddy was great.
RT : Check out this great article about in the premiere issue of !
Thanks for the mention!
Franklin with the put back dunk to give the #Aztecs the lead again 43-42!
Lol so no sitting still gotta get it
Exactly!" Stress Awareness Month is sort of funny - I don't think we need a month for it because I'm VERY aware of my stress."
Let's make sure it isn't me. I like my life... so far.
If you want to see God move you gotta make a move for God, Get up!- Superintendent Mitchell Bryant. Yes Lawd!
Yup! We are playing Soma on Nov. 11th. You should defnitely come out! Its going to be a great time. Tel all your friends too!
did you know that I sewed the Star-Spangled Banner by hand in just 6-8 weeks? It happened right here in Baltimore!
goodnight . text mee :D ; i love you .
It's cold as sh*t outside!
Hey! Thanks for listening. Sergio Leone was one of our favorites series!
Not going to lie though, part of me actually is riding this one out cause it will do wonders for my :)
Designing this movie poster
Check out our video for "Creepy Love" live at Hot Topic! It's in our blog!
Underrated band...
very cool. I'm finishing up my diss. on 19th-century Baltimore worker housing.
Are you having a colorful Monday? ;)
Lol how cute :)
thanks for the #FF love! Happy Friday!
You da man! You're so good we want to give you some free tea! Thanks for loving and !
I swear . Every morning ima find some highschool bitch to rash >> why THIS BITCH got on a bby tellos belly shirt & its. 43 degrees outside!?
Ability is what you are capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Hey. Hope you are well.
When is fake coughing really loud and this old creepy mexican asks her if she's okay. >>>>>
Really excited about the Mikkeller Black Tie I picked up from Binny's today.
Today was a better day... I feel kinda weird because this hot guy that sits in front of me in English asked me to scratch his back and I
It's Tiki-Tuesday at "The Mad"...Come explore all things RUM!!!
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. ~ Elbert Hubbard
I did too lol and i want a shoutout, how can i get one?
good mornin world....
Boxy sent me some notes for a meeting I have to run tonight. She used Comic Sans because she knew it would annoy me. What a great sister...
#FredWillard cameo...AWESOME
Dis mf gotta be chopped......yu mess wit my friend nigga!. Tf?. Ugh mfs be irritatin...i really dislike dumb ppl.
my favorite flower.
Follow me I follow back:)
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
hit me bruh
ok besides the hacking :-/. You??
fix a heart
merry Easter.
early to rise! mia airport....off to work ..
Watching the Whitney Houston Interview on Oprah.
They def should of came out with a second sequel to "hustle and flow" #I'm just saying lol follow me because I will follow u
Cos maybe your loveable and maybe your my snowflake Ed Sheeran 'Wake me up' I love this song! <3
Killer gets unemployment while injail_4093962#.T1OYrMfyNYE.twitter Welcome to the USA 2012 in particular Cali He keeps it!
Why couldn't the alligator send e-mails on his PC?Because it was on old croc.
so demanding...
After all, it is slut season. I mean summer. RT : Facebook should have a relationship status called: "SPORT FUCKING"
Finally done with math . yahhyahh :)
Thanks! We're better than EVER now!
Ur biggest mistake could be giving someone else the chance to make them smile..
Bandwagon fans dont live in BOS “: RT : Pioneer Square is making me so angry right now #ihatetheredsox #gobacktoboston"
That looks pretty good - I don't know if you need the pectin, though.
In a good way i hope haha :]
I need Barack Obama to whistle and say 'Make my Day' to the Tea Party and others who try to make things difficult for him and the US!
Do You Like Motivational Quotes? Follow -
Glad you're enjoying it!
I saw a pic of u that was tweeted from ur photo shoot u looked BEAUTIFUL, loved the hair, you have me in love w/ ripped jeans!
A food court, free shuttle from hotel to #bocas2012 events, female writers a plenty, new and old voices of all ages
Thanks for the visit!! Our hearts still hurt from Sunday :(
Lewis Hamilton is a wanker.
new updates & entries coming this week. sorry it's been so long. this year we are going to be having more regularly added content. promise.
will ever produce a story that intervenes with a national or local public movement?
Homemade Hot Wings and Fries w/
Good Morning!
FAITH is everything
I watched the movie Bellflower last night. It came poorly recommended... I liked it. Unique and artsy.
Knock my light out! ;)
Thank you and happy #FF to you!
Mrs. McGee keep it 100!!! Aahhh man, Imma still believe u, but momma be knowin'!!
It's almost 8pm & it feels like summer-warm & the sun is still up. Love this time of the year...
USA 2m!! Predicting we make it to the semi-finals at least.
thank you. I'm good. How are u?
ready for more ThirstDC? They've got an entire Smithsonian line-up Apr. 26 - hope to see you and your hubby there! :)
Need me some drank
I will be. Trying to figure out what to say is the hard part, but I can't let this kind of opportunity pass me by.
"President Obama went to Rev. Wright's church and he's still a nicer, more likable guy than Mitt Romney"- Super Pac Ad
Yes, and they're also not allowed to tack signs on vacants...yet so many of them do.
Thanks for following! Do you have an electronic catalog of your global properties and partners?
This song ugh. RT You even sleep over sometimes but we stay in our clothes. I'm only there so you're not alone.
1 week left on submissions for July issue! Send your poem, story, recipe, rant, cartoon, etc. by Thursday, June 23rd!
haha im sure it's fine!
Programming candidates conclude. Good 1st round of questions
If so, don't we have to look at those processes as mediated?
thank you mayors for defeating the gas tax. www.zanbeelart.com
I won't
Everyday parade in LA traffic?
Just Reduced to $775,000! Beautiful 3 Bedroom Spanish home in Mission Hills - Open this Saturday from 1 - 4!
Prayers for Charlie Maude Thompson of Ohio. Who needs a special prayer today?
We want to hear YOUR #HCG P3 tips! What advice can you share about any tips or tricks you have for #HCG Maintenance?
"Engage everyone. Show & celebrate success. " I'm so glad #pep does this everyday!
Screw not being 18. Could be out @ the club...
RT: Anti-Meth Measure Clears Oklahoma Senate Panel. - In other news, 7-11 stocks plummet.
ask your mom if we can borrow her van, so we can be cool kids....*sarcasm* lolololol
When did Alex Witt start preceding #uppers ? I thought she followed
Thank you for tweeting my article on !
good for you !
#denverleadership Ersek "if you make money you can give back...and drive shared value"
what happened...
Now that Eoi, testing is done all we do is watch movies. :) #nowwatchinghop with
Knowledge is power
Looking forward to Real World Go. Then bury myself in appengine and related.
Ima stay locked in this room all day
The other SF wins the MVP award.
We're heading out to Palo Alto College's PAC Fest! Come and join us from 9-5.
Congrats to the GR8 Ryan Braun on being named NL MVP. It was much deserved!
sorry to hear about this
My phoone is so slow
Sometimes I get in my moods, but then I realize how amazing my life is and how much it would suck to be anyone else.
If you get a blood transfusion from someone whos really drunk do you get drunk too????!!!!! #deepthought 💉💉🍻🍻💉😝😜
yes, i want.
going to the park for a jogging session, wish me luck.
We would gladly take care of you.
I was born this way
can't get the nose to quit dripping. thanks pixar. gah...
Everyone make sure to wish a very happy birthday.
and they did!! Bron chokes again > “: The only way that missed free throw is a big deal is if the Bulls win.”
- You know it!
Miami marlins ... Lezgoooooooooo
Me too!
Just signed up for my partner drupalize me account. Wohoo! Great #drupal training, nice benefit Acquia!
the only way to make it through the dinner....
Happy Mother's Day to your Wife. How has CNN's "Piers Morgan Tonight" done in terms of Ratings/Viewers to other TV Talk Shows?
Goin To My Dads This Summer!!:)
Demaryius Thomas is a decent haircut and an attitude adjustment from being an effective receiver.
Thanks for the follow
Hey!!! :D Did you just get this?
How u know its da truth if u bein lied 2
Congrats on the new edition!
lol. I know right. I thought about it just the other day
Good morning! Good morning to music!
Loving nicki minaj's new song superb ass .....i mean super bass
Mother Teresa - I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
yell at my school :(
Don't worry, more chances coming... in fact...
MrM1ll3r: Someone take the controller off Newcastle, 3-0 first half whitewash
It's Fryday! (see what we did there?) open for the double, 11am-4pm for lunch & 11pm-3am for late night. Come n' get it!
wisdom teeth are coming in:(
SLIT YOUR WRIST AND JUMP OFF A BRIDGE. GET OFF MY NUTS.
Spring Commencement Ceremony tickets on sale now at the PSU Box Office!
: my world has been rocked!! Can't wait for next Saturday
sending love your way. Hope everything's OK
Want to see your next show...on Kozlov.
Restoration Hardware sent me a 616-page book to sell me an $11,000 sofa. I didn't buy.
Nah I think he is out of luck. They give you free tuition when you get hit by a T, not for being stupid.
You guys rock! come back anytime!
Done! Should our team name evolve into "Still Running for Cupcakes" or "Still Running Because of Cupcakes?" Ha!
so happy to see so many friends and eager to learn with at
"Bitties and brews kush and Coach"
oh blimey yes. If only we had won that. Now have to try to beat City who are far better going forward than Chelski innit.
water chestnuts
Pretty sure Marcum has pitched himself out of the WS starting rotation. Geez, can he get anyone out?
lol its true
Thanks for watching. When are you in Miami again?
#AAS3rdcentury Glad I'm not the only one.
Nobody throws away my fucking Eddies. It's like crack to me and I'm going through withdrawals now
Fantastic news -- congratulations!!
Crazy how the difference in a good or bad homemade taco is if you have leftover taco bell sauce
The 4 week moving average of initial claims for unemployment insurance fell 0.6% in the week ended June 4,U.S. Department of Labor announced
SALUDOS <<<My new favorite actress
#OWS | To all OWS protesters do not get mesmerized by #NoNATO; #NATO is the belligerent arm enforcer for the 1%. PPL hold the power & Tax $.
MEGAN FOX IS PREGNANT EXPECTING A BABY WITH BRIAN ...
CANT WAIT!! - WE PLAYIN TRICKY-T'S B-DAY! W/ Z-TRIP FASHEN DEATH-TO-THE-THRONE @ PINKY RING ON WEDNESDAY! GONNA BE NUTS! GET YOUR TICKETS
Bless me
so what is the move for the new year for you?
thinkin dale sveum should pull this dude.. or... leavem in... dont mAtter...
Think I'll watch the conclusion of this #devils v #rangers game then switch to the Lakeshow.
hope to see you soon in new york
oh Alrighty then
my REAL id got rejected at a corner store last night. girl gave me SASS too :0
I have Put Your Hearts Up stuck in my head! I know all the words ;) haha oh and love you !<3
Howdie ! Love spots like Restaurant Zoe. Or greasy spoons w/ great pie. During #SOBCon mentioned we should grab a drink.
I knowww its awful. I even washed mine yesterday and its covered already!
yes. Inside you
I will #Follow ya back in a bit gotta get my #Grind on!
ah yes, because can't b found among the noise.
I can understand that! Raw Power absolutely destroys Funhouse, IMO...
Our drinking water contains more than 700 chemicals!
I thought i did follow u lol! Too cool to come to Mpls??!
Everything I like is either Illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive, OR Impossible.
You should. They are pretty awesome. I never knew how much I didn't know until I took these classes. (It will make sense)
YES!!!!!! WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!!! I can't believe belicheat and the pats lost!
So i see you're at JPR now! Congrats my dear! We will need to do lunch soon. Say hi to for me :)
Know a #local #sandiego #lajolla company that wants to do a deal? Introduce me, and if they run with us, YOU get $50!
Sometimes we don't get to say Good-bye to those we care about. We can say Good-bye in thoughts. I don't want to say Good-bye yet though.
The #TurkishHammer from downtown!
At a business meeting(:
Todays visit was short & sweet!...now I've got custom work to do...LUV y'all xo
One day, I think I'd like to mess with Texas.
And this is why I'll never have kids. I'm far too selfish!
Coming up: New music from singer Marianne Solivan & Marcus Printup. Before midnight, Count Basie & Don Pullen. JAZZ
who is here representing you? I want to hear about the new brew!
your profile pics to sad  l wanna see real housewives of Sedona!!!
Gatewood was a gentleman and true Kentucky icon. I'm sad to hear of his passing.
Slinking down Rodeo Dr. ... Sales people in shops look desperate. Wonder if I do too?
My baby crawled for the first time today!!
I love that idea!
Should I get this black beamer?
VASS HAPPENING!!! :P
Of course we aren't going to give up Patrick.........
Except for the past two days lol RT : Follow iAmMissKarma she keeps your timeline active at ALL hours
Think of Mon's show "We are Family: Stories about Ties that Bind" as a warm up for Thanksgiving & all of the family holidays to come....
Bike ride to beaver anybody?
lucky! Wish I could go, #pricemobsters love the theatre!
Oh no I'm sure he's expecting a monetary gift for his great achievement & The Hubby is his godfather as well as uncle. :)
I need like 38 more Followers .... Please help ?(:
idk make one? Ha
I AM A STRONG, INDEPENDENT INDIVIDUAL!!!!
welcome to twitter
Not pay. Trying to put himself politically beyond the reach of IRS.": $ to pay his taxes exploiting
I'm craving for a Classico champions final. Don't ruin it, Barcelona.
ew. But probably true.
2 Live Crew - Me So Horny (Uncensored): via
Lol thanks. and don't we all wish that ;)
Beer RT “: Q7 #FoodieChat You are attending a seasoning party & need to bring one spice, What will you bring?”
So, this Google zipper is the most action i've gotten in a while.
ok , forgiven. if I could deliver to DC, first cookies would go to, trapped in a snowdrift with no chocolate.
TreSean wuzz her . And he's much better than Colton.
Just chatted with a barista over patent trolls! I love NPR thanks.
#WOTD: what is up with these?! Anyone? RT : kendra bought me CD Wilco, I think it's insulted.
shot out to everyone on twitter. have a wonderful day!!!`
Idk who are these "higher level" type people that think they got the right to say what real and whats fake
The new drink machine thingy at moe's >>>>>>>>>>
Good win for the Thunder. Now on to the next one. Get home court advantage and win Game 2!
Enjoying the still of the night...
were working on our dream job. It will come.
The second season of Shameless thus far just doesn't have the same story gripping feel as the first season. It's early still.
Wedding planning is soo much fun!
sweet! When and where? I was all-sec in that game in 2002
One min they love u the next they hate you and the crazy part is they put it on twitter and facebook lol
Smoke Ya Later
Lucky.. mom can't seem to manage me a bag of Hot Cheetos.
Looking to meet people in music & art therapy for a writing project. If you know some one please message me....thanks
My 3000th tweet goes to my Miami Heat #LetsGoHeat #LetsGoHeat #HeatNation let's win this game
He had the Shit on lock but now I'm the key holder
Daddy's home 😉 bye twitter
Why does Jennifer Hudson have to sing in all her weight watchers commercials?
Well duh we get a better view! Haha miss you fluff
You listen to me Canadian internet and you listen good... You do NOT want to want to keep pausing during Mad Men..
Ha no. But it makes sense - Ron Paul is a big supporter of metal-backed currency.
happy valentines day hop u well have a great day love u ..!!
keep stringn' em together. Nice win “: Final from Toronto: Caps double up Leafs, 4-2 #CapsLeafs”
I can't believe you'd do this to me
Peabodys is where its at Saturday come support Cleveland metal and hardcore
my sister left her tumblr signed in and all she has is Harry Styles and One Direction on her dashboard...
My whole life is a level 2 class.
I'm only trying to be your friend!! YOU make it impossible, Why do ya even hate me anyway?!?!
Football will always be my favorite sport, but it's funny, these days I can name the #KyDerby post positions & not the Raiders draft picks.
My daughter graduates from pre-school today!
Standard. Running UB Mill (and it's pretty slow-- eek!).
Too Big To Ignore is GREAT!!!, laughed my A** off, well not quite;) lol Congrats again !
That was my initial reaction as well.
And you better NOT be late for CHURCH
Starting to wonder
RT : "Truly hate ugly app icons, devs please don't overlook this aspect of your projects" Can you say "Good Reader"?!
Simple but wise advice from my friends - ABC (Always Be Charging) -
I guess I gotta bring in a fruit plate
Last band show of my high school career today.....
Idk what ima do after tomorrow , no boyfriend again til Monday .
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
There's something about Dual that appeals to Marcus.
Only been working for a little over an hour and gettin confirmations and buy outs left and right the tour is lookin sex
That guy is not getting laid in a while. I feel bad for him, kinda- not really actually.
Oh Hayes Carll!!
Two words: Algebra 2:/ Ugh I dont get this class haha
I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game.
I had bush on my bench anyway, he is a scrub. And Brady is going to dominate
I had a lot of pictures on that phone... but I have the good ones burned into my memory
everyone needs to stop talking #SHIT lmao jk keep going its entertaining!
you might want to turn off the auto post in last.fm :)
Thank you!!! :) Hope you guys are enjoying your weekend!!!! :)
Sending YOU some love right back! Gotta hear you sing again soon!! I'm going through Clayton withdrawal!
You're Welcome : )
>>> yea ima send u the beat
“: Table change. Am not spitball distance from yeah but do you see adam's pants? They just got bluffed off
I tink I going to the red cartpet with victoria justice at the kids choice awordes
hahaha that's so odd, but it could be interpreted as deep. Have you been asking Zayn for tweets? I take it as a deep tweet.
Why do movie tickets cost an arm and leg now???
Who knew there could be so many opinions about the design of book covers?
Attempting homemade granola bars with the little one. Should be yummy...apricot, coconut and chocolate chips!
A3 getting on the boards of other arts nonprofits in your community can help in addition to your day job
Trying to get back in the saddle, but the atmospheric colors make it hard to find my enemies.
cool... Thank YOU... I will reach back out.... Enjoy!
lol girl yes I would give you the only dirty stare as if I don't do the same thing
mine was ok had the house painted today but it was ok :)
Thank you so much!
Well, that's confusing. Heh.
you can never go wrong w brown ones!
: going live with ipad presentation about what LE is doing in mobile
Thats their run. Time to put the birds back where they belong!!
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Semi-Live. connections issues. but for now mainstream a-z in T's with "The -" bands. enjoy.
#nowfollowing she bad
You KNOW that's not what you wanted Peggy!
Ok. Really now... Goodnight.
If you people aren't reading these blogs, you're crazy. Stay tuned...next tweet.
I can only get to this help center and sent these tweets through this support screen
i need a nap
really???? grrrr my phone is al the way downstairs :/
Happy News to everyone!
ya if u don't insurance that cover water damage!
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
Thanks for the follow. I sure hope you don't drive a Leaf.
Okay That's Enough MW3 For The Night p:
Jason Kalafat () pulls another rabbit out of his hat! Today a client was found NOT GUILTY on DUI marijuana charge. GREAT JOB!
dear students: asking the day before the essay is due to see my book because you don't have one is unacceptable.
AAAHHH! what the fuuuck maan are u like future duude . u start talkn bout social network and then it comes out on tv 0_o lol
RT #femalesneedto Exercise, a lot of fat bitches think they thick when they fat. Smh
Twitter is not always the best forum for a back-and-forth discussion like this. Regardless, it's well past now.
I really dislike math. Sorry,
About to find me a new living room set. I am hopeful thy will have something that is Madi proof!
Work like u don't need money, dance like no one's watching u and love like you've never been hurt before
Yeah, I heard the stage music come on. How are they gonna do that all over again next week? The two week idea is so dumb.
how exactly do non-smokers concentrate? or am I asking the wrong 140-character crowd?
If you think you’re smart after one pint - just think what two can do! #PubQuiz tonight at 8pm.
Tonight at ten on -- watch our investigation reveal how Wisconsin criminals are getting around a state and federal drug law.
GOD BLESS YOUR FRIEND MAY HE REST IN PEACE!!!
If you were to ask me "are you a door to door window salesman with a pony tail?" and I said no, I'd be lying.
Aww - thanks, girlfriend!
You are pretty early (or late) for your midnight breakfast!
just got in from aahm meeting. Not tonight! Jazzanova concert!
Yay, officially off work and have my birthday weekend awaiting!!! Bout 2 go get my hair did and start the festivities!!!!!!! #ASAP ;)
I'd say it works like consumer debt, given the small, frequent loans due to haste, poor discipline, "temporary" shortages+
Charlie, look forward to see you next time I am in the Big Apple. Have a great weekend. Will look for your report on Huckabee
Ugh I till can't believe I have Saturday training from 8am-3pm 😒
ya better know it!
I had to run in the 2nd to last heat which were the fastest but stayed up there. Did you win?
Thanks for recent link-love to the blog. Hope you found it interesting/helpful!
"drop the world" wouldnt sell if it wasnt for Eminem .
LMAO!! RT yes his heart is broken from being coached by m brown. He's getting Smush Parker flashbacks.
The afternoon is speeding right on by here at #Jobspring! Love spending the afternoon getting to know new candidates!
Omg those are like my two favorite things!!!
Hey which shorts are you seeing today?
If your not building your own dream, someone else will hire you to build theirs for them 👌
“: Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen. ~ Albert Einstein” of prejudices AND judgments" BK
Thanks for the amazing #cupcakes you delivered to our office today!
RT : The Checkers went 2-0-0 over the weekend to reclaim first in the Midwest.
Pretty good. What about you? Oh and I smoke cigarettes now, didn't see that one coming haha.
good! and yes, that Dr.Seuss quote is 100% correct!!
RT I'm hosting tomorrow at Knitting Factory with Wyatt Cenac, , Alex Koll, and Charlotte Macdonald.
Yyyouuuuurrrrrmmmmm being up early stinks! Unless you're writing music... :)
"You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing."
I have been waiting for approval for over a week. What's up with that?
With the Hunger Games, Mad Men premiere and the Shamless season finale all in the next few days, I'm on pop culture overload
Looking forward to SXSW! Let me know if you'll be there too.
Took my little one and she enjoyed it...and I didn't fall asleep. You'll have fun!
lol maybe on that topic
I'm sticking with the Heat-Pavers & Spurs game until I fall asleep.
Great game, yesterday. What's it like competing for both the number 1 team in NCAA D1 BBall and #teamnosleep?
Spending the day working on making myself a better person!
. Note: is an early adopter of so we are especially excited about their achievements!
“: RT:Asians on Charlie Angels-pic Dynasty in reline also--> thanks miss. As always ;)
Of course! We recommended you in our late night #FF :)
Chicago-area home sales jumped nearly 21% in November compared with the same period last year, according to a new report...
Does anyone have an idea how many people are already using Twitter?
At the miranda concerT omg its gonna be so much fun!
LOVE HAS MULTIPLE MEANINGS
You see the dude that owe you 100 bucks on the fight and he dont have ur money ready..... He gonna get
Judging by the traffic still terrible at 9:30, I guess school started everywhere today.
@ this awesome party!
my bed is ready
thanks for the follow ,) J Armani
a nightmare just ate up your dreams
Polo Beach up on North Shore. Where was the orgy supposed to be at? I want an invite to that one.
cornish game hen for treats on halloween...ROFL
Bet ya didnt hear me that time
Good morning. Keep pushing keep pressing
hows your day going babe? X
because humans degenerate relatively quickly. if its every 5-6 years, a lot can happen.
i really need to vent to someone on the phone before i start crying again....anybody ?/:
Can send print or E--just email mailing address to news[at]zumayaotherworlds.com for former.
then I'll take you out...and whip you in Tekken. Cool?
Does anyone find this "eight dollar three-meat treat" little caesars ad appealing? Barf.
for music of global significance follow
Can't sleep...
is the most sweet #BOYFRIEND!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE 25 already??
loved that sport science episode! That was awesome! And of course 's episode back in the day too!
every time i get on twitter was just on like 5 minutes before! :( y cant we be on at the same time?
Happy Mama's Day to all our loving strong dynamic ladies! And to their beautiful children that make motherhood possible!
Ive seen Justin's blonde hair, his hair flip, his short hair, his brown hair, his spiked hair and ill be here to see his white hair
Today's Brunch Special - Broccoli and cheddar vegetarian quiche over oven-roasted red potatoes with a white cheddar cheese sauce
ONE MORE FOLLOWER TILL 400!!
Slowly breaking down.
It's as if millions of mock drafts cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. RT Vikings focused on Claiborne at No. 3.
US Airways Makes Push for Potential Merger - Wall Street Journal
IN THE STUDIO RECORDIN THE GREEN PILL MIXTAPE
lol yea I do .
Nothing quite like the Friday-at-five stress out. Nor the resultant happy hour, I guess
I need more friends like Talia and the Arise group. Then, I think I'll finally be happy
I just don't understand the appeal of Pinterest.
yeah but if I post it on facebook and twitter people will finally like me! Right?!
This just in: topknots+ beards = incredible.
VIP Saturdays come hit me up
Maehl had two steps on the DB, hauls in the pass and races for a 73-yeard TD. U of O up 14-10.
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(11
Fall registration is about to begin. Every class has a cutoff number. 3176145057. www.yatkids.org
#Jmac is the man.
How did I get on a list called Cute Boys? I'm an owl.
Good girlfriend. let's hang out.
I'd love to see cooking segments where U surprise someone at their home & cook from their supplies!
that shyt Dope bro'
First Bil Keane, now this. Rough week...
thanks Jim! It was a great group and convo!
Ugh. At least it wasn't a slaughter (for 3 quarters)
"Cause Marketing is a win-win for both companies and non-profits" says
Agree 100%. Always great to beat The Hen.
Safety means nothing to people picking up their kids from school.
Congratulations to Hakim Bellamy, Albuquerque's first Poet Laureate! Congratulations to Burque!
Cuz many are fake RT : All these pretty ass girls that look good ain't always a good look...
."This is our Entrepreneur hour, our InnovateMaryland hour, our InvestMaryland hour" <--indeed #startups make MD great
I just wanna make bitches dance.
It's hard to get mad at Metta World Peace. He's literally crazy, people, he doesn't realize what he does.
hell yes we will, drink one for me!
seemed relevant to my life today. Thought maybe someone else would find it relevant to theirs.
Bank of America cancels $5 debit fee, choosing instead to spin off ATM machines into a division named "Qwikster"
can I start laughing at all these 7th graders now..?
And just like that, we're open! Wonderful audience tonight.
Excited to go to tonight for "sloppy hour" #PCBW Day 1
“: I'm in soo much pain!”
Do YOU want to be a part of my #MotivesBombshellteam? Become a distributor for #MotivesForLaLa make $$$! Email
I dunno why I called it freaky friday
that was a big ass thump from that crotch kick
Tonight at The Anchor Bar come see some great live music starting at 9:30pm and don't forget about $6 Liters and great college football.
If you only knew
That's what I am to you? Crap... I would have said my Facebook Friend! or wife's ex-boss! ;) -
#Reggae Tonight! At for with (4519 Santa Monica)
Got Stuff? FreeCycle! Bring in something & take something home. Good condition only & nothing too big, please. Sat, Jan 7 2-4. 791-4010
If Walker wins on June 5, the soap opera not only goes on, it grows worse. That's a powerful argument for Barrett.
Imma create sushi art like never before
She's also done a 9000 foot mountain! hahahaha
it's available this Saturday! Going w/ Mike & Matt. You should join. Also hitting for pozole, Los Gallos #2 for CESJ
Be prepared for confrontation..
you too beautiful!
I swear Music is Gonna keep me feed watch and be witness who eva don't believe that I feel sorry for you when I make it
I love scientists! RT : Gene named after Smaug the dragon from Tolkein's 'The Hobbit'
oh okaeyy . hehe ! cheers to one direction .. !! we:>
Wha, no invite?
i Subscribed to thebakeey on youtube :)
WHAT THE HECK 2 BEERS FOR 15 or 4 for 28 tomorrow only
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY." omfg crying
When are they going to play one shining moment?
very true
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. ~John F. Kennedy
do you mind checking your DMs from me?
hey I saw you!
That one person you can count on for anything >>>>>
I always knew you'd be a star!" sighted on late lunch & a beer on the near west side earlier this week" LOLZ
One hour until Texas and Cincy tip off in Nashville! Tweet us your score predictions!
How the hell does my mom ban me from leaving the house until she comes home when I have to go grocery shopping for her ???
Nice piece on Copycat Project
RT : Don't do something that is permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset!
Now I'm curious! Text me.
Good for you, CC! Remember all us little peeps ...
I don't really like the new twitter for blackberry. It's not cute anymore -_-".
Lakers are not about to get sweep by OKC is about to lose nxt game tho
thanks man. The keg is tapped! Come on over.
good luck Waves!!!
nun im not even sittin next to him ill tell him when we on 71st
Lifes like licking honey from a thorn..
Welcome David!
Today is one of those days when "lunch" really means run around outside.
#YouWereCuteUntil I heard you speak.
Zumba starts this Monday at 6:30pm!!! Don't miss it!
GOODMORNING WORLD! How is 1 hour and 11mins into your day.
Hi! All of our vinyl banners are created custom, individually. Nothing pre-printed. Email us!
please ask: Why would one pay for a daily email edition if they can access the day's news on the CS Monitor site for free?
Bouta lay down with some tea and a good book. My favorite!
I saw "Children of Men" several times at the theatre.
": Scrimmage #showtime" Go Irish!!!
Nail Shop Flow >>>>
"May the dreams of your past be the reality of your future”
You don't really learn about the comedy and tragedy of human existence until you get behind the wheel and have fares run off without paying.
There's still two more races on the #KYDerby card! Bet the Power and Maan look strong here.
i fell really bad/sad right now will u plz #follow me and make me fell. Better plz :/
A thought - I would trust a man with a lower skill level but higher integrity rather than one with a high skill level and low integrity.
": What you do every day matters more than what you do once in a while. #life #motivation #quotes" she posts the most real shit
It is way too easy to shop here because the clerks are so darn nice.
if u havent had SEE"S CANDY from california u must must try it makes Godiva's look like a beginner lol marvelous candy loves it 1800 SEE's..
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.9 US, $107.9 global... 119 screens in the US as of October 9th and 21 weeks; now playing in the UK.
4/30/1778-> G. Clinton: Upon every rational principle we should have, if possible, more than a respectable Army on foot
AH! By the way, are you back soon??
Looking forward to the opening
getting super excited! :)
YOU'RE FINALLY VERIFIED!<3
new song?
“: i love pissing people off” That's because you have nothing else to do.
would love to. I'm around all day.
Good luck today! We still feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to be in your audience!
Happy to have seen the Beastie Boys perform in NOLA, with Sonic Youth and the Pixies opening. MCA, RIP.
Hawks funeral started. Lots of work to be done this offseason. Need 2nd Ctr, scoring wing, solid D-man & maybe a Goalie. That's All. UGH.
Thanks Jimmy, great to see you too! Happy New Year! :)
I use the program winter on a pc. Rar files are another zip format. Most programs that can unzip zip files can unzip rar files.
I despise t mobile your service sucks so bad.One more month and im done,outta here after 7 years as a customer.I cant call anyone
Atleast I know some followers would notice...
marvel pearl
I love it. Or, "be kind, her Klout score decreased because of your assignment."
NEW RELEASE! widgets loaded automatically. Want to recommend some widgets?
Ditto what you said
"We could watch '30 Rock.' It makes me laugh. Remember laughter?"
Wow ur tweets are fucking gay.
Hey babe, loved every picture you posted from Six Flags! I was grinning like an idiot at each one, but sad I wasn't there.
How did I get so sick in one day
Can't believe it's install time at the VAC again!!! Looking forward to the upcoming new exhibitions!
ahh its gonna be awesome :) text me bc I have to ask you something about Friday! :)
spending $200 on pre-ripped jeans.
I'm kind of surprised more people aren't up
thank you both! :)
The Portland Trail Blazers are hosting Orlando Magic today at the Rose Garden at 7:00 pm. Get your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. Have something to live for
im in a Grateful Dead kind of mood... oh wait, im always in a Grateful Dead kind of mood :)
agreed! Totally awesomesauce.
xD i thought i recognized you tht test was boring as fuck -_-'
imitators are lame
So the first date mr and mrs obama went on was to see "Do The Right Thing" lol we actually have a black president
Nice work!
it's good!! How do you like echofon?
Good, good, good things happening here and I, for one, am quite happy about that. I'm a big fan of #Goodness!
Follow me ill follow u
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Baby's coming over 😁😘
Imma plan a trip out there soon.. Is it expensive out there like as far as hotels and food?
hahaha uhh not sure if serious ...
thanks Philip cheers!
I kid, I kid.
I had it on before bed. Oooohhhhhmmmm....:)
are you from Seattle,Wa?? If so that were I live well across the water from seattle Bremerton I would feel special :)
This section of DHS would evaluate the financial status of the organization to appropriately allocate funding on a fiscal year bases.
There's something about the score of Super 8 that just gets to me. I really feel it is a solid piece, for a solid movie.
son las 23:37 y a ya ?
Just read blog post on becoming your own technical co-founder. Thanks for the words of wisdom and possibly a nudge...
#nowplaying the #EDM PLAYGROUND WITH TUNE IN RIGHT NOW FOR THE INTERVIEW & GUEST #DUBSTEP SET BY DJ NICRO!!! www.xradio.biz HOUSE
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot! So True!!
It seems like its gonna be the same as last night... cool, not! :/ Thanks for helping me last night!
Focusing on doing the right things & doing things correctly seem to go hand in hand.
Going to see D12 Tonight? You Could be! DM , FIRST 2 NAMES GETS A PAIR OF TICKETS TO THE SHOW TONIGHT!
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Get our Las Vegas Now Deal on Groupon!
I want to be so i've never go to school with classmates.. =$
Put it on her shoulder so she can put it on her mind later on...
MY bad, these 140 characters lol....and maybe the wine lol...
Exiled Books
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
text me now tho(:
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
thank you!!!
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 😂👌
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
she brought people with her?
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
that's not very good, sir
Just went to Virginia today. My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire. Now my bearpaws are burnt
Hate it when relationships change
is here to help! Sorry to hear about that!
#alphamale makes the best to-do lists. ;)
i just downloaded it repetitivly and it patched in
Would be most experienced Finals in history. RT : im gonna be livid if its celtics-spurs like i have a feeling its going to be
Correct, no Milwaukee release date yet... so it'll have to be Chicago for now, but I bet they'll come here!
thanks a lot
because you keep it real lol!
So I've had a white leathery patch of skin inside my mouth for a while now and it only gets bigger.. Gah. I don't chew so it can't becamcer
go read my past tweets. I had nose surgery! Its all on my profile.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡2
i created one, followed and subscribed to you! (:
So great to meet you in StPete. loss of Dan will always remind me how important it is to let those we love know how much we do
I didn't either...swell surprise :) Sounded so good.
Type "zerg rush" into Google... haha I don't get it can someone explain??
#NAEP Science higher % of students perform at or above basic and Proficient level. Achievement gaps closing White/black & White/Hispanic .
My clock says it's 9:09 but my body says 7:09. Boo time change boo.
Sometimes getting yourself a new shower curtain is a big deal.
Vega Communications collaborating and Wordpress-ing with Get Known, Get Big Marketing
I've been known to go by myself to see gems like Fast Five or 21 Jump Street. I'll watch anything w popcorn & Twizzlers!
<3 you know it :D
Thank you for the #follow Shoutout!
doing .NET/JavaScript by day and Haskell by night so far is working rather nicely to keep me programming for fun w/o it feeling like work
SOTU - Sorry Mr. President, but education reform by way of competitions won't achieve educational equity.
aint shit here either. We need to hit a club or sumn
I actually love Britta. I get her. We are similar in many ways.
I highly recommend films by Ousmane Sembene. I did a report on the late Senegalese filmmaker back at USC. Wonder if I kept a copy of it...
Trust No One
Same here
Did you know that we're on #kindle?
yes, but I think I can quantify this. And I need a distraction for a bit :)
Me too!! Have you been running? I've slacked ...
Yay! I need a work out buddy!
haha is it?
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
will b tomorrow for lunch serving the best chicken n dumplins as featured on WKRN last night!!!Come on by
I miss you sometimes. The more I know, the less I understand All the things I thought I knew, I'm learning again.
yeah L.A. called again today. Really pressing for a commitment. Makes my Mom crazy! She wants it for us too. All good!
the second TD Bank comes to Nevada, it's a wrap for Wells, Citi, BofA and Chase!
k that preview was kind of bullshit........like they're perfect but i was expecting like a full on filmed video and stuff.
Missing your Spring Break tan already? Head to Marquette Tan and Laundry before noon and tan for only $5!
U cant out slick a slickster
#UPA2012 has ONE exhibit booth left available in the hall. If interested, DM us immediately for details.
Never pay for Groceries again, www.gasandfoodvideo.com I will supply you with 125 leads a week, Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd
And shame on me for not thinking that. Or automatically following them.
Taylor says I'm reem. :)
thanks boo love you!
Watching Last years NBA finals Heat vs Mavs all I can really say its A BUNCH of BALONEY
Pringles: It's what's for dinner
I ALWAYS know something you dont . .
Had a fantastic meeting with the crew. Thank you guys for everything!
Sad To Say But Sum People On Yr TL Will Be Poor And/Or Homeless
Oh, and we know that's not a real word. It just came up. (but maybe it SHOULD be a word!)
Thanks! So glad to be back! :)
Looks beautiful outside in #STL. It's time to stop working and go out and get some fresh air...and a cocktail.
what you getting
silver fish on the floor and walls
J key not functioning correctly. Things are not well in the land of
Meek Mill Tha Hottest Artist Out s/o to my team
man i still can't get over just how good this new black keys album is
i'm sure they'll love it! :D it's so sad though, knowing that the chances of them following us are
Went into Target to get one item. How did I end up spending $50?
language and proper communication are a huge factor.. think im learning lots about that these days
WOULD SOMEONE LIKE TO CO-OWN AN ACCOUNT?? THIS GIRL NEEDS HELP
Bruins are killin me...
#Live #life as it should be lived - #wholesomely, #happily, &
It's gonna be an awesome day at RaeLynn's today! Who's coming to see us? Hundreds of dresses in stock! Open unitl 5!
I make sure my reps are telling the truth by checking their voting records. Tells us you #votesmart for a chance to win a tee-shirt!
#irallstars Ramirez: IR was created to publish faculty work, now plays larger archival role. Billings: assessment demonstrated IR's value
RT if you ever had that awkward moment that you dont know if a person is pregnant or just fat
All good examples. You see they're making a Taken 2?
LETANG JUST DID THE MAX TALBOT "FINGER TO LIPS" MOVE!?!?!?!
HaHaHa...Ha... Seriously. | RT : be careful, or will disown you :)
Do! I'm interested in all these fun tools.
wow that makes sense what a joke I wouldn't doubt it if he was working for them! That site makes so much money and is a cheat!
The redwood trees are in NoCal.
Live acoustic pop/rock/country music tonight with Zach Wade & Dan Harvey at 9pm! Who's coming out to check out this awesome duo?
Great win, Terps!
Things e finally looking up 4 me,I'm crazy in love & engaged 2 the most amazing man ever
NOT NOW JOSE! THE #PREDS JUST LOST, YOU JERK! RT : Need venture capalist to invest in my ideas. I complete u anti aging product.
Having a great time in the name of country music
Day three of 8am-5am. Guy in front of me finally retired his green blazer.
listening to a good dose of at the office. Andy Kaufman stories: Yes!
Thanks man, I was too embarrassed to ask what this was.
I know you want to watch the pacers tonight but can we please switch back to the voice? Eggs are done :) love you!
a used bike is probably best! You can email me if you want or check out she has a great post on this!
Question: why do I have to be 'friends' with everybody, everywhere- pinterest, 4square, fb, yelp, instagrmm
The early networker catches the worm, and gives him a precise ttl
If my room is clean, it means that my internet is not working.
what are the chances of filming an episode of #Mobbed in #Tampa, Florida?
Aw, thanks! RT : The asparagus quiche was awesome. Delish flaky crust!
Who woulda thunk that Collmenter and Saunders would out-pitch Marcum and Wolf? Not good. Huge advantage, lost.
nightmares get ruthless... they want in...
At teh airport at mah gate :3 woo! I can't waits to be home!<3yaay! get a hold of me. P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
I was like WHERE ARE CORY EDDIE AND CHELSEA
Too bad the inning stranded Morgan on 3rd.
The studio I went to today is a non profit. They take donations for their classes.
#FF our amazing line-up tonight!
Grilled flat iron, maple glazed sweet potatoes, cauliflower, and rosemary au jus $10.95 eat your heart out, Milwaukee!
Now that I've seen the winner on #NBCTheVoice and can call it a night. Congrats to Jermaine Paul!
Tori it is!
Good evening!!☔☔☔☔
Well, I should suck the knowledge out of his brain.
Congratulations!!!! Great game!
#FF & Thanks for the mentions!
Josh doesn't want me to tell you how many books he bought at AWP, but let's just say it was 125 books.
If I say its DOPE, I really feel that way, Ill never say that for something I truly dnt like bELIEVE DAT!!! no bias Music 1st
Time to take Ivan Nova out and bring in Mariano Rivera.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! May the luck of the Irish be with you.
What's inspiring your style today? The weather? Spring trends? Music?
Tweet of the Day! RT : Varitek: "The hardest thing to do is to walk away from your teammates." Um, 98 Degrees begs to differ.
Me: How old are you? Random Guys: 17. Me: Oh that's still legal. *Walk away*
I want to go to Rock The Bells . Hmm might as well go its around my bday so ill treat myself lol
As the night falls on the Florida sky, I thank my lucky stars for allowing me to spend some time with my main man. On to Tampa tomorrow.
Im rooting for both teams this year- Team Enlightenment and Team Highest Good! Join me...Sunday 4:30-6 Urban Flow
Through STEM, make opportunities for Washington's own children and businesses
can I borrow the recipe on how to make lolla tickets because I dont wanna pay for one would rather make one homemade
Unsure how to operationalize 'bureaucrat', or if its worth doing, but I wanna know which world city has the most bureaucrats per capita, plz
Let me get this straight, D'Brick & Mangold are pro-bowlers & Moore was snubbed, yet Sanchez runs for his life every play. What gives?
gonna go visit <3 this summer:) i wnt to go to this school for college so bad!
posterous is on the list of tools I'm considering - I know you're a user, what are your experiences?
Wat hot jams is out rite now???
The Foo Fighters won best rock performance with their song "Walk". Congrats to them
Really ? o.O
#PeytonManning will be meeting with Elway and Fox this morning.Will he sign in the Mile-High? is live at #Broncos HQ.
I wonder what Taylor did when she heard Taylor Issues ?
Every morning is a mother fuckin blessing
woah, byword rocks. Where has it been all of my life.
Hey, Girl!! How are you?? Your new picture is awesome!
original or new one?
March 19 and it's snowng..! Gotta love Oregon.
"Relentless Forward Motion!" - Tom Riley
I'll take Cam RT : Tebow v Cam an NBC prime-time game on Aug. 26. Oh, and the Sanchez guy, too.
thanks buddy!
I never trust people who don't shut up- it means they aren't listening... Just waiting for the next chance to talk
oh okay,
who's emo??
who were tiny chatting with
not a bad idea!
#nw chain letter.
RJ & The Assignment now has a station available on Pandora...thank u all 4 your support :-) Keep spreadin' the word ;-)
quit smoking so much
Someone come drink their face off with me! I am a lone ranger right now.
on radio not 2 clear but if its against can't co sign he's my fam
Omg those Baylor uniforms are really bad...I think they meet ANSI req't's and could wear them at work! We should propose it.
64% of Marylanders support a five-cent fee on disposable bags when the proceeds are reinvested locally.
u got that right lol
There are no asterisks that say "5 weeknight games." Heck said on SR he wasn't happy w/ sked. It is what it is.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. William James
Hiking and ziplining with :)
It's been a really hard day
Charrette days are my favorite days. Improvised sustainable design! My worlds collide on these days.
Will we find at SXSW next week? If so, will buy the first round.
Is anyone else freaked out by similarities between Iceland volcano and Life As We Knew It? Would be a good current events booktalk now.
#thebestpartofmydaywas calling in sick
We can learn many things from those living in extreme poverty. Patience, Humility, Kindness, and Respect. Things that money can't buy.
having fun at #NAEYC ? Maria told me she spot you!
Yeah you rite! RT: : Who else drove 6 hours to see your beautiful talented self !!!
Marketing 3.0: A Powerful New Way Build Your Business & Land More Customers www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
Thank so much Antoinette!
to Atl or Miami??? You ain't going anywhere tonight??
Please no one tell me what's happening on we can't watch it!!
studying for my final :-)
If someone gives me a legit reason how weed is a "drug" I wont buy a blunt today .
Today is my last full work day until April 25th! This is going to be the longest vacation I've taken since... ever?
I finished "Journey to the Center of the Earth" on my ride to work and am going to start an autobiography of Cheetah from the Tarzan series.
I'll be up this weekend actually! and the following too for Christmas. Let me know if you are free. I'd love to catch up!!!
"Gabriel Rossman is assistant professor of sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles." Not for long.
Love that its friday! Cheers to the freakin weekend
Nice day to come back. Pity its Internationals next week though.
& i thought this movie could get any worse...
#tired af...but i cant sleep. I seem to be having this problem a lot
Holy Moly there is a Brewers game everyday this week! Come show your love and enjoy $2 hot dogs, $3 cans of Damsel and Louie's
now THERE'S a thought...
RT : Morning lovelies, have a blessed and relaxing Sunday. Look for more pics of at the black expo later. :)
First Amendment prohibits use of Do Not Call Registry for election campaign calls
tHANKS FOR THE ADD. FOLLOW THE SQUAD
wouldnt use the app with u just students
So true: life changed for me Thur w/ a fellowship w/ ! RT Remember: life can change in a day. Stay positive!
i had a glass of cereal...and a bowl of milk...:)) ur turn to do something wierd and unusual..teehee
Welcome! See you in the library! RT Orientation 2011 starts tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting some new transfer students
i'd rather they just shop for me... RT : And they can wash your car while you shop !
I think one of my favorite things about Thanksgiving is seeing cars with families inside <3 woo family.
Unless someone hits me with something absolutely monumental, I won't just copy verbatim.
your welcome!
home alone, I want breakfast, and I miss it :c
now what time are they playing? and I have herbie hancock tickets that night!
If Dr, Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, what would he be tweeting?
Just passed me right the fuck over. So tired of that guy.
: Found a box of what in your room???
I think my boy Jeremy Lin needs a new suit from
Nasty ally oop!!!
Thanks for the shout! #Hamburger month
Forrest Gump said "Life is Like a Box of Chocolates". What if I don't like sweets, do I turn it into Lemonade?
happy anniversary you two love birds!
Dust yourself off, Smile, and Try again.....
shake it out head to toe, throw it all together that's how we roll.*
I miss you soo much! I'm visiting a sick relative in Chicago, and my fone is gonneeee messed up
how full are the servers cause i cant login i get error 37
Very excited to meet my new marketing team at ALM today!
I love T-Plush.
no joke. 24 hour chinese....
ah good idea. thanks
RT : we got cookies saved :)
out of all headphones i give the Dr. Dre Beats a 10 they are very legit the sound quality and bass is incredible
Omg I would love to see u and Justin perform it would be the best u two r perfect
I just realized, my life is boring AS FUCK! !!!
It's too nice outside for drama, leave all that alone and enjoy it
in da morning , k?
"this will be fun! I've never been evil before!"
Aye i got a new iphone 4s and broke the screen today what should i do.
me too it was insane bruh
it want let me cousin!! It keep saying forbidden
Stouts in Hollywood
averaging $0.13 per bid with a 1% CTR...not bad...although I really need to wait a week to see what's up
oh I see you tweeting bro.
sure...why not!
Yet another reference to my beard from the stage at a / event.
Amen Brother!
your weird
thank you!!!
The painful feeling when I see the one I love with someone else.
Wide awake reading The Grapes of Wrath? :)
Okkkayy RT : I know right other side of the earth n shit. I'm about to text you
I actually approve! Although, they should ban cell phones if that happens...can you imagine soccer moms on cellphones going 85?
Ok, Charlotte was cute...Ready to move back to New York.
"Lisa, as your brother this is the hardest thing I have ever had to say; you're not ugly."- Bart
. believes in a consumer bill of rights, but what about the actual bill of rights? We need to reform
Joseph & Vanderpool goes live! After soft launching in 2010 we now proudly build and manage brands all over the Nashville area.
thanks for the great show. Can't wait for the MidWinter beer fest on Feb 19th
Our Westside location is relocating! In the interim visit us at UPTOWN! northwest corner of louisiana and menaul!
careful, they'll call you racist for that one
It felt like recital went by so fast! Hasn't hit me that it's all over...but it'll suck when it does.
Don't even want to read it! The price of leadership is always high! "Keep on keepin' on", Mr Blow! Your fans still love U!
ok fuck w/ me i need the malitia
Just because you can't sleep doesn't mean you can't have nightmares. #phd or
Any chance you're going to make it out to see us Sunday night Lounge?
Can't wait to see ya tomorrow. Yum!
At my dads I have a dog 
OMG yes please! this is awesome...
duly noted. I'll investigate the situation soon and tweet back. We'll get to the bottom of this in due time!
“: You brightened my bleak friday, sweetie. You rock, did I ever told you that?” :D that's sweet, thank you
yeah son!!!
Just scored 2 Loveland lift tickets! I'm glad I can go up at least once this season!!!!
my head is spinning. #fml right now.
It's all about relationships
killed it tonight! I REALLY hope they come back again this summer!
Fulbright workshop on Digital Archives and #libraries for #NorthAfrica is under way in Washington DC today and 2morrow, meet us there!
Taking notes here...
Nothing like learning new tricks
The developer is really working hard on the Ebuxing.com site. It is really exciting to see my ideas coming to a reality. It's looking good.
neither of you know the meaning of alot of hours
Yoda's quirky speech pattern made learning difficult, so his Value Added Measure was pretty low.
if I'm forced to watch a 5 day marathon of chuck Norris #walkertexasranger you will be forced to watch #glee 😉
No luck so far
The Brewers might sign Derrek Lee? Are they also looking at Cory Lidle for the No. 5 spot in the rotation?
except it's still Thursday night where I live (Seattle, WA)...... #awks love you!
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it.
Played a program of jazz cartoons for my students tonight: Three Little Bops, Date With Dizzy, Begone Dull Care, Koko, and Rhapsody in Blue
All great choices!
FACT: Miami is the only major city in the US to be founded by a woman. (Julia Tuttle)
in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out
Even if you don't like Yahoo, don't avoid their PPC, just expect 1/3 of results. Adding more budget to a Google account adds conversion cost
Your love is a one in a million , it goes on and on and on.
I enjoy it. A bit over-the-top and way too many monologues but it's really fun to watch.
any time!
Red didnt get ! Staying to black.
#Medeco training class - so there's 2 questions for you to think about. Done with break. Back to class. Next break in about an hour.
Hello and Please follow. We need to DM a question re: a technical difficulty with Twitter.
well, yes. And the city haha :)
yes, i have :3
Just started Bossypants. Hilarious.
Read what everyone is writing about #Armando Galarraga & #Joyce blown call here- USSportspages.com
please follow me💗
Yes, some maturity makes a big difference--but age without an open mind (which I'm sure you have) yields little.
You mean Brad Paisley!?
did you see the video :o
just ate and im full. Miss u all back home!! Happy thx giving everyone!!!
praying for not only Rep. Giffords, but also other victims and their families. So senseless, so sad.
NHLI is happy to be part of
just felt it in upstate ny
Agree! RT : It is also acceptable to refer to that area as "God's Country." Congrats.
Bloagception: when you dream about getting a bloagie while eating a hoagie while getting a blowjob. LMAO
OH MY GOSH! That has got to be the cutest puppy ever. What breed? A spaniel?
It is 82 degrees
lol i love u most xD ♥♥
welcome back to BOS Did you get a good view of the #BostonBlackout from the air?
I know. He also asks for money sometimes. I mean, Dude, you have a tattoo of a swastika...
I have a hard time w 120 choices at my fav place down here. I can't even imagine over 500.
Ah yes. That's one of the reasons I chose the commuter. No problem in my regular clothes--skirts even (which I am wont to wear).
If we were to make a pizza honoring #MUBB, what should be on it?
they don't want blacks either.
nice derp pass, Bosh
Um... Just had a listen back. #getexcited OMGosh!!!
different standards which way, though? I see girls as better able to handle the responsibility than boys of the same age.
I want to do less w/ less
it's a new world... Video and secrete tape recordings (as long as you are in the conversation) are admissible too..
.yeah the allstate guy will plan a heist to progressive soon after using state farms magical powers.
Worshiping the Vanwarmer today my friends
Yes, I remember always watching the MTV News updates when I was in high school!
Niese goes 6+ no-hit for #Mets today. Broken up by Brave Freddie Freeman. Geek trivia..Freddy Freeman was Capt. Marvel Jr. secret identity
Great to hear that was able to help you out. Pretty cool that they stepped up to help you
YAYY!!! CONGRATS SUCH A BEAUTIFUL TALENT!! You deserve it girl!
Fiesta Today With The Bestfriend <3
By the way, bitch...sandals and flip flops ain't cute.
Yeah. thats good did you dry hump him?(;
Also 4 everyone in the fan club once the lockout gets sorted out. Will be doing some fun things with the fan club.
I think too much
Searching the house for lottery tcikets I bought at the Circle-K while I was in a fugue state.
U always have a choice. "Blow me or ill shoot you in the head" 2 terrible choices yes but you still have 1. Own up to your decisions people.
Heaviest "one inch" of snow I've shoveled in a while. :)
Woot! You're my first commenter! I also replied to your comment. RT : Read and replied. :)
Check out ACE and get your tickets Jay and silent bob, Stan Lee and more snoochie boochies
i am bored as hell right now0_0 jeez i wish i had somthing to do UGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UA SLAT student Denise Osborne offers a very active presentation on performing arts in the L2 classroom this morning!
watching WSS, waiting for Bernardo to break into a chorus of 'Mandy' ::chuckle:: and prepping for OR tomorrow, yes OR!
What do you give the person who is richer than scrooge mcduck?
are you kidding? What happened?
wanna pick me up at 715 outside lubar? My phone died
and is my new twitter. Follow me there.
Europe's woes hit global demand for luxury homes
The Indians say theyre in their infancy stage with social media
now you can have your mobile payments AND eat your too!
Fork me while I'm searing hot so my juices can escape.
starting to work out again today....
I wish I were kidding...but today I saw a woman in a McQueen dress...on rollerblades.
YOU'VE GOT A FAST CAR, I WANT A TICKET TO ANYWHERE
New diamonds! RT : Where are YOU watching the game today?? Tell me where I should go...
I love my crazy ass family. Though I will never turn 21 I don't think I'll survive what they have planned for me.
I'm anti-Boston, can't believe they just made that call. He's been moving on every screen the last 3 minutes. You can't call it now.
Interesting question RT Who are you Yankee fans cheering for in this series, Angels or Red Sox?
It's Friday! Who should we follow?!
Timed writing today for a final. Thank God.
yeah. Its the same for us when almost all the girls turned into sluts.
The only good guy all the bad guys want to win...
I think your account has been hacked. I have gotten some malicious messages from your account.
#operationfindnextgf She can't always think of herself
Shout out to the Mr. Brown for winning the Culture Fresh gift certificate and two pair of tix to the D12 show this Sunday! Keep it locked
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a new comfy mattress you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
Also recently tapped a barrel of Otter Creek 20th Anniversary. The relationship couldn't be stronger, and neither could the ABV...12%
Where's the Men's LAX preview at?
We are a collection of our choices in life. -Herm Edwards
When shopping, have a good idea of how payments relate to price
yep & my twitter was gaay<3
Morning #Bmore! Today's word of the day is team! There is no I in it! When one person leaves the next steps up! The beat goes on! Team>I
Value yourself enough to choose to be with someone who wants you as much as you want them.
ah, it's so nice to have a home on Christmas.
it was so very disappointing. And I went in wanting to love it!
LIAM WHATEVER YOU DO... DO NOT HAVE YOUR TWITCAM WHILE I AM AT SCHOOL!
Causin' a commotion ... I hope you find what yer lookin' for ... We're wastin' time -- make up yer mind and get into the groove!
I'm pissed
Thanks for the mentions today. My quiet little site has seen its most action today.
I love my fans hella tough.
Thank you! :)
haha...no sir. dont see us running any deals that cause you to wear bandages.
: anyone tried the "news dot me" ipad app from Bitly? I'm mid-way through my free trial and on the fence about whether I'll convert to paid.
Yes! I can see it on the horizon! RT : Almost time for your nap. : P
another #restless night..... :/
I'm the worst at responding to your messages. #Forgiveme and expect one soon. Hope all is well across the pond. Any egg-citement?
Sad, still cops & helicopters and news crews all around near my house for #JuniorSeau #RIP - great NFL player and all around nice guy
Modernism emphasized straight lines, eliminating the expressive S curve.This made it harder to communicate emotions through design-EvaZeisel
volleyball is a great sport....do you play in Detroit?
He's cute, right?
Why can't I see in me what other people see??? What's that shit all about??????
While I'm a fan, I must respectfully disagree. As a DC Fireman I must say Go CAPS!
Game time! Let's go Celtics!!!
Oh no! It's a 2 4 Tuesday.. on a Sunday. It took a whole continent to save a career. #paulsimonsaysleavethebar..now!
U can't take the ring from the champion but I can take the champion out of the ring
thank you sweetness !
You should probably put your tits back in your shirt, slut.
I live like a billion miles away from my school! :b
Stressin' y'all. Needing some positivity up in hurr!
sending positive vibes to my love
Rip City vs Linsanity tonight...Blazer win?
So what's the verdict?
freshly pureed peaches... loved them!
Follow back please (: & by the way your so freakin beautiful <3
phew. I'm leaving for Afghanistan for six months so selfishly, I'm glad I won't miss out.
One game, One Quarter, One Round to a Title
and that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness
“: Suck me after sex so I know you hella nasty ;)” b4 and after so i know you really really nasty! its a must
Everyone else is watching Bobcats-Pacers on nbatv right now too, right?
But seriously... I'm in school for THREE HOURS.
I feel like Chinese food.
That sounds awesome. Enjoy!
Today I get to click a button on a webform that will either give me my dream job, or cause unmitigated chaos for years to come.
don't blow yourself up publicly like that
hey have you see the Knicks with mr Lin watch out heat
Impossible for me is not giving back to what I once helped tear apart and destroy.
We're now singing the theme to fucking Spongebob. Oh fireworks.
I hope Cotto wins but I don't think he stands a chance against PacMan.
#TGIF - Finish the week strong! #eatright and end the week with a great #workout - no excuses!
no, cliff, i haven't. ITS NEVER CROSSED MY MIND
Great pic of you, pretty girl!
My human thinks the soapy taste is a genetic issue, but what does she know?
Walking and texting is going to get Darwinian. I've seen three people nearly struck in traffic just on tonight's walk.
At with the family for Xmas. U know lifes hard trying to pick off the wine list.
Bloom: There's a profound lack of vision in our culture for what kind of culture we want to have.
Relay for life!
R u a selfish lover or more of a giver?
Yes! us ! Really cute kids just dropped off socks a few minutes ago!
What does it mean when they toss their sneakers up and onto the power lines?
#fa435 had a really hard time with this chpt. The relationship between artist and viewer is skewed? pls help.
I can't stress this tip enough. Exfoliate, after you wax! If not, you're in for a bumpy ride!
My mom is so rude sometimes
No one remembers a playoff team unless they earn a ring. Go NE
Energy drinks start to destroy teenagers' teeth after only five days - Daily Mail
Had trouble paying your #SanDiego water bill? details problems with the utility's new billing system + resulting overtime.
Headed out to watch the game at a bar with Mr. And I ain't talking Mr. Clean!
Gm! Bridal shower tea party today in apache junction. Tea party ettiquette anyone?
me likes Tommy. Go Green
Supposedly better, and certainly environmentally a lot better.
I really like everything you've put together. Keep It Up!
Marc overdid it with the Srichacha on the leftover food he packed for my lunch.
"i like twitter.. follow me.. TheRealRoyc--" "WHY ARE YOU TALKING SO LOUD?"
Cool, just wanted to verify before slipping any Baby Aegon references in.
li love <3 haha a little late but w/e :)
Tomorrow is the big day am so excited #NSNDVD <3 and
Today could be one of those days you are remembered for. 3 games for the whole damn thing.
Ew the women that are on #MobWives seriously are fucking disgusting and foul. REAL Italian women don't act like that.. sorry!!
you'll get there in your own time.
At the freakiest beach house right now. Straight out of "Cribs" . Too bad it's pouring rain:( Más margaritas para mi!
Happy birthday! Hope you have a good one!
Playing with the web.config file for my library's website. I have the power!
she needs it! She's bein a pill this morning!
Just ordered a Dual Quad Core Dedicated Server from
that's ur opinion & I appreciate it-1st Amend-however, I also mentioned Christie, Bachman, Rubio, or West! Ur Opinion on these?
These mufuckas talking <<<<<<<<
did u meet
good to hear !!!
Not me. My hatred for Brady and Pats far surpasses my distain for Tebow and the Broncos. Besides, everyone likes an underdog.
Hanging out with my best friend Skol tonight
be safe!
Props to for awarding team with the award for best data integration at TechCrunch Disrupt Hackathon!
What's the political landscape looking like in Iowa? and gave us an overview on
What a gorgeous day! :)
agreed. RT : it must be collaborative so not just the e-patients research but input from both
Remember Louis shaky legs when the girls arrived on set in the WMYB behind the scenes video... Well thats what happens when i see my crush..
haha, no way. I had enough last year!
Tonight at Cliff Bells, The WSU Jazz Dept. performs. All of the Jazz ensembles. I will perform with the Guitar Jazz Ensemble 1. Starts
yes please. I need a lesson and we all need to laugh and have cocktails
Prince will receive this year's BET Lifetime Achievement Award at the June 27 Awards ceremony, which will mark its 10th anniversary.
.-. I'll learn one day but that party is not going to be it.
So is that Kony 2012 still going on tonight? (or did the guy who created the video lose all his support? you heard what he did right??)
New topic - Want an OM-D EM5 + 12-50mm kit NOW (April 20) ? NO PROBLEM !
I see dead people......
Got my surgery date. I go under the knife on the 10th of May. 23 days. Yikes!
thanks, Christie! :-)
That awkward moment when people think they're funny, but they're just annoying..
Sleep is always the better choice, in my opinion. No offense to MSNBC.
It's well done. Also the writer was a member of the WRP audience.
I can see that. I'm very jelly!
that guy didn't stand a chance.
I'm on! Wait, on what? o.o
Casting immediately a new major cable network show! Do you know anyone in a #bad relationship?
It was pleasure getting to know you this past week. Thankyou for coming to play in The Battle of FloridaAll Star Game.All the best
#SayNoToDirectionators THEY'RE LIKE DRUGS... STAY AWAY
as thankyou I love yours too! So gorgeous!
is a magician with that rock mane!!!
How about UK-Ohio State in Louisville & Cincinnati?
thanks for clearing that up. never knew what the h that was about.
those are always a good combo while blading
The 1,000 person i'm following is , great person for the 1k
The Blind Side is on and i'm going to be crying my eyes out
Lime green life explodes from dormant tendrils; sweet rain refreshes parched land; fragrant blossom promises abundant fertility - spring.
That awful moment when your shower turns cold right in the middle of shampooing
- turned out it was an out of date version of chrome that was freaking out. upgraded and it worked fine. thanks!
like wise RT: Just had the most meaningful conversation with ! 
How can you reassure someone something while at the same time reassure yourself?
bout to take my ass to work cause if u dont work u dont eat u dont grind u dont shine...
east coast time. derek has a dish!
FRAGILE...... It must be Italian
for what days?
Welcome to the Green Bay #Packers!
“: The city has serious spring fever. Love and lust is everywhere.” raaarrr
Awesome! Can you get me the details or Sterling's contact info? Then I'll get it to my client's niece who lives over there!
registering for these classes makes me want to kill myself. i hate school more and more everyday.
Follow and I will! :) Can't wait.
I get confused by an avatar that has more than one person in it when one is not obviously the account holder.
You are very welcome, and it was an enjoyable shoot. Time to make you famous.
I'm lucky having you everyday...thank God for give me the best mom of the world..without ur unconditional love I wouldn't be here
"The body remembers easily". don't i know it, sister!
i do not even KNOW what's going on with my tummy, but los tres, it's gonna be a LONG while til' we meet again.
Most everything that says turns out to be false. I pray for Sgt Bergdahl's release & his captors' destruction.
Looking for some talented people in a Client Engagement type of role. Part Consulting and Part Sales focused on CRM, eCommerce, collaborat…
jealous. To top it off did you get to see the cubs blow that lead?
Damn!!": Rise of the gated community. Gated Communities were yellow or green areas, meaning safe and banks invested in them."
Thank you for the retweet! You are definitely sweet!
~so true.
According to 'A stay at home mom never worked a day in her life...'
Congrats to and the Mrs.! Prolific tweeter and now a proud poppa!
Breaking news: kashi nuggets replace grapenuts as part of my daily breakfast.
Last task of this very long day, sitting down with my
Thanks Evan! Let's keep in touch. I've learned a lot from talking to you over the past couple years.
This bitch need to come her ass on! I want my shyt!!!
Staats served as a magistrate until 1670s. Staats wrote his name as STAAS after arrival in New Netherland.
": School <<<<"and a boring study hall makes it worse
Uh oh found a guitar.. You know what that means!
Thanks again for your help earlier.
this house has 4 kitchen. FOUR! its huuuugeee
I've been away for awhile but just been busy all I can say Is God is Good and it's so amazing to see the red carpet of his path unravel :))
How was everything?
Purchase a #HomestandCombo and enter the raffle to win two #CrosstownClassic tickets! Go Cubs!
Luv reading the twitter posts by angry #lakers fans who think their team always deserves to win.
snap! Let's get to planning!
Good! How've you been doing? ^_^
So excited about finally writing THE END to my first draft of The Flawed Dance. Love the ending, too. Totally inspired. Just had to share.
GETTIN READY TO GET CRUNKED UP AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! 1ST DRINK IS ON US!! YEAH BABY WE LIKE TO PARTY!!
im catching a flight tonight at 7 :( im back here in Dec! Send my love to the family
It's just a matter of time until Pete Campbell murders somebody...
I've got 99 problems, but my rifts ain't one.
Vote YES on the merger
in back bay closing.. Oh no!
I cannot clean unless I have my music blasting throughout the house 🎶 or else nada will get done
Have a joyous, prosperous, healthy , and prayerful New Year!!!! God Bless You!
Happy birthday, Adrian!!! :) Hope you're having a fantastic day so far! I'm a fellow Aquarius :)
are u guys coming to Draft? We have some new plans in the works for our INTL broadcasters that I'm going to share soon!
You are very beautiful!
My parents got in a fight while I was out. And my mom was gonna make me walk home. I live in fucking summerlin. |:.
Harry Thomas sentenced to 38 months in prison. Free until he voluntarily surrenders.
Happy New Year!!!
RT : Have I mentioned how awesome the #GraphicNovel stuff is going to be at #ala12 annual?
I enjoy following you since our presentation together 2 years ago. Sad to see you de-follow.
With video shoot
Follow & RT this for your chance to win a VIP table Friday at the newest hotspot!
RT if you want me to follow you!! -must be following me-
#welcome. Glad I could help!
Heading to work
No, no that too.. but the theme of healthy relationships that grown ppl have, not like drama/heartbreak of youth
go listen to One More Victim on Facebook or download their album Dominion. It's deathcore, but I know you'll like it.
We're My Buddy aaht ?
Wow! Maceo Parker and band was incredible!! Can't believe Marva Whitney came out & did Think!!
ABC didn't pick up !?
looks dumb
#peoplelikeus will not get forward if we keep holding each other back childs...
Just saw 'Metal Evolution' on VH1, the "Pre-Metal" episode! Asking Iggy Pop what he thinks of Jazz, is like asking an idiot about Einstein!
From me? :) It's from a shirt I made in 2009 that became super popular in 2011. GO ADD!!!
You must go out I demand it.
Keep moving forward...
what was the prank?!(;
'If you want others to like you, become genuinely interested in other people' - Dale Carnegie
Congratulations! Better than a gap on your resume!
It's easier to be a cynic.
I hope you have a wonderful night! Love you xoxo
I'm doing it right now.
Can't move
parents that don't give a fuck
and his #boyfriend is out on itunes lololo sorry just had to it!
Very nice - Cam Newton has been named PEPSI/NFL Rookie of the Week
Tonights rally will have about 10% of people who really want to see change, 70% who want to exploit it, and 20% who want to be on TV
Are these for the Spring game on Sunday?
If ur interested in Jackson 20, The Grille or BRABO let us know and we'll get you in touch with right person to chat further!
Serves him right...as Vince would say, "SHAME, SHAME!"
hell f*ckin yeah!
You get mad at me for liking tbh statues..... I dot get mad at you for tiny chatting with other guys.....
aww, I love her to pieces!! What a compliment!!
WE ARE ON A MISSION I AM THERE IN SPIRIT
debut EP #NorthernLights will be coming out May 22nd! Can't wait for ye all to hear!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVE!!
does anyone wanna like yano, be my friend and like tweet me? Im bored af here.
how did they follow you do you have to ask or something.
dress it up with a solid pair of tight jeans. Always classy.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
Oh no, it go It gone, bye-bye...bye Who I, I think I sink, and I die.
listening to 's closing plenary at the CIC-NetVUE conference
thank you!!!! Spread the word! Lol.
aww my heart broke.. I'm sorry brah... Have you eaten breakfast yet?
"Baby I fucks wit u"
Are you familiar with any shops like yours in the Seattle area?
After tonight's episode, I can only assume we'll see you as a fashion consultant on Top Model soon. Hilarious as always!
Thanks, appreciate for the quick response.
Now, now, I didn't say all of that.Don't go jumping to conclusions!! You are pleased to get me whatever your heart desires!
Great! The mere mention of the name and that friggin song is stuck in my head!
Back to back homers from Ian and Elvis last night.
RT Energy and Commerce Reconciliation Package Targets CHIP & Medicaid, Risks Health of America's Children |
How do you plan to #lendafreehand this week? Hit us up for a chat!
Police refused to go to rally cause crowd not yet told MLK died. Riots in most US cities but Indy that nite.
noo.. Jade and I made a deal that the food now goes to mee(: and ha I never get caught!
Another day another dollar 💰💰
RT : Architect of Bush Budget says we need to "save the safety net."
she's not confrontational. Just cause she don't wanna entertain a hood rat don't make her pussy lmso
You too, thx! :) RT #FF Great chatting this week
watching the Gordon lights in Plano with the fam
Seriously, who still thinks pop-up ads work and aren't annoying? I'm talking to you,
time to name my electric. paul? gibs? les?
Ohio :)! RT : hello, I love Christian hardcore bands, where you come from?
Tax returns don't mean a thing, it's not important,it's personal. Question why's Romney not released his.? $57,000 a day w/o explanation ?
and Peter Maxx?!? I am curious to say the least.
I'm shivering D:
great win by the Commonwealth Academy varsity boys basketball team last night. real team effort. proud of each player and coach. go Cougars!
I'm #editing something I wrote yesterday, and came across this #word: "sophistification." Use it today, and impress. It's on me.
I now see why the GOP wanted Voter ID laws. They can't even run their own primaries correctly.
I really really really wish it was.
Putting the finishing touches on the last of 5 Gary Morris CDs today (Mastering, ISRC coding, CD Text, Submit to Gracenote).
I have the worst bf ever.
thats awesome.. & gets my vote for fact of the day
I chuckled RT : just do some preacher curls (ba dum tshh) RT : Church or gym tonight
#irallstars Many steps , stakeholders in switch from paper to digital theses. Payoff is much faster access to student work.
Thanks for the RT! :) How's the NYC travel blogging crew?
I hope you are having a great time!!!!!
got a loft right now, you excited? YOU EXCIIIITEEEEDDDDDDDDD *in my abel voice*
Flat tire in the rain... I be damn its 1 am in the morning.
said family comes first. So hes going back to his fam
Get your GREEN products for some St Pattys love!
it's so cool :3
Story of my life!
#SLUAmerStudies Visual Culture Conference meeting tomorrow, Thurs, Feb. 2 at 11 in the Kolmer Room. Finalizing CFP & Keynote Speaker invite
Home from The Avengers. Good movie. Very tired. Bleargh.
Lol, i didn't know you went to state. You were looking Kesha fierce girl.
I'm on tv this is so amazin woo
“: aww thank you! love the Hindi in your profile - wise words:)” Yes, have a great weekend & good luck on the ponies!
just put some player shit in ya email
ya that's who I'm thinking of. I live down the street from them... Hahaha sorry for the mixup
God over Everything ! :)
they sold out of them in about two weeks from the Packers pro shop this fall. It's the 2011 sideline cap. Sorry!
Try Lavagna on 8th St SE, We would be happy to extend you a 25% off your check this evening.
Alma: As you can see people arrive daily with the hope of finding work, with the hope of being employed permanently.
As Times become harder & more difficult the only verse in practice is James 2:16.
How was your field trip?
random channel for hitters, the weather channel
#iLoveMyMomBecause no matter what I know she'll always be there for me
E&E finally have Enuf hair for bow and stuff :D
Happy New Year's everyone! What did you do to ring in the new year?
Rain check on Kevin Allen. Maybe later or tomorrow.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the of the season, #Bulls announce. /via
I might (tho I see Penn's catalog entry also silently fixes). My concern's that older [sic] records'll be missed on searches.
ah...haven't had that yet. Yes! Thnx!!
Love not having to work OR go to dance!
Thank you so much for the birthday love!
She acts different when Arianna is here.
Special shout out to thanks for following us, God bless!
RT : those r shoes, they r supposedly the most comfortable shoes in the planet!
Love the images - always fascinated by old photos... I think I was an Historian in my past life.
#FYI Due to its uniqueness in color & robust feel, Jun Porcelain became very popular in China & favored by Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty!
Excited For New Jonas Album 31
Tiger Turcotte, Calvin Coconut (multiracial char), Darnell Rock Reporting or Ghetto Cowboys for strong 3rd gr reader
He still earns a letter though!
Ooh! That's a good one.
I laughed a little too :)
Getting new music and going on tumblr=successful night
Think the new Silversun Pickups album, Neck of the Woods, is my favorite release from them to date
All it needs is some seastacks a few hundred feet off the coast. I'm lucky to have lived near both!
I'm not, but the lineup looks great! I'd love to go. I'll let you know if my plans change. Join us at for lunch if you can!
met you at the spicy pickle in Portland! Hope you come back son 👍
I'm gonna let you down easy I've got a delicate touch, peaches and cream you make a garbage man scream...
How are you guys!!!!? Miss South Africa so much. Give Clara a big hug for me.
Yikes, market looks terrible today!
Way more fun! RT : I definitely retired from softball. Bring in sand volleyball :)
have your heard from ? Does he know I'm 12 and he would be on our team? Does he know is too?
i feel brand new idk y
": She got money, drugs, and freedom." She's A BOSS
thank you!haha your is HOT to!!!!!! <3
Just arrived i DC for SLA.
yes, awhile ago and was sold out :(
Karl Malone salutes our troops
God.I have to preform my monolog right now.watch my stutter.
I Have SO Many Fav Songs. LLS
I guess i never really contemplated skin-colored yoga pants, but okay. They make you look naked from the waist down though...
Katherine Dunham was an anthropologist, studying social science dealing with the origins, physical and cultural development, biological...
The water pressure in my house is back down from 180 PSI to 65 PSI, and everything works so much better...
Playoff basketball >
I am checking in from the twitter app from my desktop, pretty awesome!
Its silly to call Transformers 3 a threat against humanity and cinema, that's giving it too much credit. Yet, how the audience reacted...
you people need to cmment on shit more. -alexis
With Amare and Lin out, I'm setting Melo shot attempts tonight at 35. He had 26 WITH Amare last game. You have the over or the under?
New This Week | Five new jobs. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
DM us and we'll send you info about open dates for 2012. Thank you!
pretend to be prego for April fools and you'll end up being that and god will send you a fool 4real.
I like more unsigned bands than signed bands!!!! wtf? what happened to the music industry????
"Coach Kill is more intense. He's all in the player's face. ... The guys are buying into that." Gophers' QB MarQueis Gray
Late night Happy Hour is from 10:00-11:00PM! See if you can set a new high score in Donkey Kong while enjoying a slushy margarita
Recent news media polls and interviews with citizens show the majority of Detroiters want the restructuring to responsibly take place.
#SometimesYouHaveTo Lick it..before you stick it...youve gotta tap it... before you slap it... lmao
it's cold and it sucks
RT : See you in Memphis on Sunday.
Currently listening to: MESSER - The One That Heals on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
#ideas2action randy bass: high impact practices-mostly in the co-curriculum.
I'm sure they will. He's a cool dude.. If you meet em tell em I said hi!
Time to study
Love is a powerful tool of negotiation. Pro-love gives you the strength to reach a compromise.
Forgot how busy Atlanta airport can be. Feels like an ant farm, but less organized.
Happy excited and anxious .... Yay!
Almost to 100 likes on FB! Tell your friends to come fall in "Like" and Love with Lush!
Spent the night watchin movies with my girl! Awesome time with her
Watching 'It's always sunny in Philadelphia' love this show!!!!
your 5th topic is congress, and 7th is cats so i'm gonna say it's spot on.
Broadcasting POD events through Adobe Connect- ECRC
I'm addicted to the song "Paradise." Keep it up Augest!
What is your favorite quote?
did you take any pictures? would love to see the final look:)
Good luck on your finals!
Thank you for meeting with us. We appreciate your help! Have a great weekend...
Jus kam from party city. The gurls r fairyz. Dullie is the hulk. N im a dark fairy. We r soo fabulous!
m really
Artisanal brooklyn flavors in Marisa Wu's saltwater taffy flavors (Bergamot, peppermint, vanilla, hisiscus, black cherry), so yum
Copyright again. I think I need to go to law school.
Entrepreneurship is a do-or-die decision. Either you do it or you don't!
how date u not save me a piece lol
AWESOME SHOWS IN MAY! HERE'S WHOSE COMING DOWNTOWN! Bret Ernst, Tim Harmston, James Ervin Berry, Mike Speenberg, & Rob Little! Don't miss it
"If I meet One Direction..." No. It's "When I meet One Direction", because EVERY Directioner deserves to meet the boys. Especially you. ♥
Love it haha RT ": Keep your head up high & your middle finger higher."
Goin to see slumdog and draggin my boy michael with me..... It best be as good as everyone says it is!!
#Nf s/o to #gramfam deep in the DFW. C3 will ALWAYS be
#springbreak 2 days! Although the weather is nice in #Wisconsin lately it will be better on the beach in #Miami thank you :)
Yo, my man! Haha. I'm doing well. Trying to get into the journalism game. How about yourself?
WILL SOMEONE TAKE ME TO A WATER PARK PLEASE
Why did the mosquito go to the dentist ?To improve his bite !
ill think about it
you're welcome! I enjoy your tweets!
Fog and traffic ... what's up with that?
good night (:
#GetAustinToTheTop10 help me
I'm white, but I'm not Nascar fan white.
its ok sweetie! How are you/
Forbidden Planet of the Apes
Thanks drewsy :) rule of thirds always wins!
Uneducated people<<<<<
#samsung that superbowl ad was horrible, and I have 2 of your TV's, an android phone, and a galaxy tab ....
#foodie Sushi at the Hibachi Grill in WSP was very tasty. I've discovered to my surprise, late in life, I like sushi muchly
Text RT : No one likes texting back now. :/ someone text me! Hurry. Lol
If I could ask any glee character to Dane it'll be (:
One of my favorite movies
Disenfranchise an entire generation and this is what results. The window breakers ARE the point, they don't have a point.
Also can I get a resource for ambient sounds? For educational purposes! Editing a commercial. Do you have any advice ?
Fish oil capsules are hard for my son to get down so I bought Omega-3 enriched eggs. Now he says those are too big to swallow too!
Follow us on Instagram, ya dingus. dwhbmusic
Derek Fisher to the Thunder.. I guess he doesn't make a team better or worse, maybe a clutch shot here and there. That's if he plays..
Be our guest, be our guest, caviar, Versace...
Why are the guys so goddamn cute!? ugghh it's so not fair :3
Great talk by at #GSMworkshop on the interactions of technology & user demands. His ideas are def not limited just to social nets.
yeah, i guess so :\ RT a little bit of both :(
#sxsw #nowplaying. Ruts, straight ahead Aussie pop rock. Holidays were bubblegum tight. Injured Ninja elctro-metal. Lookn fwd to Boat People
5K MS Walk in the morning! Then watching win the #KCA ♥
Thank you. (:
are you just wanting us to design a shirt or do you want us to actually produce them?
It's going to be one beautiful day today!
We're supporting , the national letter carriers food drive, this Sat 5/12. Last year collected 70 mil lbs of food nationwide.
RT : RT : keep us posted on followups to our #cruisechat questions. So many topics covered
Thanks fellas! Keep me posted on what's going on with you guys [seriously], so we can look into covering some shows for you guys!
Downton Arby's: "Sybil, put down those curly fries this instant!"
thank you !!
Still got it lol
Woo prom is awesome!
Anyone need stripes on their parking lot?
. I didn't think I could get more jealous of all the ppl at #sxsw, but you just did it. Love the Spazmatics!
They finish with a couple rants on other sports news and their NCAA Tourney Final Four predictions. Download and listen today!! (3/4)
Whale ass tho? RT : I'm not against wealth , but the attitude that comes along with some people who are wealthy sucks whale ass
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them
“The search for truth is more precious than its possession.” Albert Einstein
Old ladies are so cute ..my god.
WHAT UP KIDD...BE IN ATL TOM...
Damn you Justin Bieber movie! Damn you for being so enjoyable.
All I've had to eat today is 6 saltine crackers and 1/4 can of Sprite. So ready to be over whatever I have and eat food again.
Congrats on your new EP, , sounding great so far!
Commission votes to move forward draft Congressional maps for next round of public comment
Happy St. Patrick's Day and happy home opener!
Wow, now i want one
I thought it was a foul...Lmao #Let'sGoHeat
There's marketing in everything, it's not nec a dirty word! Doesn't have to be separate from engagement
PLEASE STOP SINGING LIKE UR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT
so great seeing u
I believe the greater the handicap, the greater the triumph.
“: will take another team to the next level and is a better long-term asset. IMO” interesting
thanks for the help!
#dl09za can't seem to login; getting a runtime error. & don't know how to join a team.
That's the city's time to rest!!!!
Thanks for the follow Pooh!
. I think Drupal is too much tool.
Learnin how to be a proper fijian woman... Ie how to cook
Thanks to all new followers,
I'm getting ready for the concert in Germany this summer!(:
either way lebron did step up clutch wise but I'll still give to wade any day
#geraldorivera can suck my hoodie.
They're a machine. Going to be a tough out for whoever gets them.
I'll never let you go. Ever.
Thanks to everyone who made it out last night to celebrate Cinco de Mayo Vizcayne Style!
Bumper stickers are so pointless
thanks for the follow, darlin'! What organizations are you working with? I'm always up for a good cause! :-)
Street performes on w 48th= awesome
Definitely NOT what I want and I don't find a list of antiquated stereotypes funny
If I was a ghost, I would open the door while people are masturbating
MATT STAFFORD SHOULD BE IN THE PRO BOWL THIS IS HORSESHIT
Over Time
miss my Cuzzo so much
Bachelorette was great tonight! Love Emily (: can't wait till the rest of the season!
thank you so much we hope to see you one day! Let us know what you think of our music :)
Check out the latest to see our latest ad
Did Meryl win because she dressed most like the statue tonight?
Stop playing with our heart, weather!
One was about Learning theories, the other was about parental mental illness, and the last one is about two religions
Do you have any Pittsburgh dates in the future? Missed you last time
Powell-mondesire, turnaround principal of prmse aca. was principal of Staw. Mansion which is under investigation 4 cheating
Loved 's team name - "Fresno Yacht Club." How did they come up with that?
My Oscar® Pick, Best Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer (Beginners)
You + all = Y'all. Not ya'll. This has been your Texan Lesson Public Announcement.
Peace out ya'll
My mom is too nice to get mad at me. If she does get mad I must've done something really bad.
Top 3 on my "fantasy list": 1. Stephan Jenkins 2. Alex O'Loughlin 3. Gerard Butler Guess I have a type...talk dark handsome & hairy.
I'll be at Icon again tomorrow working... 12-4 I think... The gospel session is a definite go, we did pre-pro work on it today
On paper at least, it's looking like I could rattle off four or five wins in a row!
haha thank you! But you already know I am lol
Liam Young asks, not what lists are, but what they do. Lists enact relations between items that otherwise would not exist.
Don't do it.. PLEASE don't do it...dont eat a biscuit or a wing just please don't do it!! Lol
Keep an eye out for those new ones, Zipsters! MT acquired. It's a 2012 Honda Civic with 527 miles on it. Crazy.
Is she getting butt shots?????
you are gonna be riiiichhh ❤
Don't y'all LOVE tax week
Lemme send you the images of them, it will be easier
I wanna kiss, lick, suck, tongue some hot boy nipples! M...
man got of love it
there is no topping that! ;)
+ get a mention in our latest blog post - Making Strides: #Women in #Tech and the / Alliance
I regret not doin all the shit I heard I did
so, how are you?
First morning at the new office. Things are coming together! Can't wait to go back.
Now is the winter of our contentedness.
Love never seeks riches, it makes RICH what it has.
well, once we "verb" the noun "verb", then there are only verbs … and that means verbosity will increase. uh oh.
Hiya!!! Albert wake you up???
Small quantities of 3Floyds Tiger Jelly & Stygian Darkness Also, Uncommon Brewers Golden State Ale & Allagash Odyssey.
motherplunker we gotta chill like this weekend kay?
Don't! You will attract the wrong company at dinner parties.
well i cant see the pic cause im on my phone but ill check it later!(: anyways bye(:
lol same to you
my last 2 shreds of dignity, my phone and my car, have both died
RT : Familiar faces from #filmfrenzy featured w/ Grow. Share. Prepare. at
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who realizes it after they've lost you.
For computer geeks: Make a wish and have a happy 63 day! (base 10)
I know how to say "i love one direction" in sign language (:
it's raining in New York...=P
cvs fucks everything up! Every god damn thing
“Being good is an adventure far more violent and daring than sailing around the world.” -- G.K. Chesterton
you like punk rock?
I prefer mine in a box. Ha ha.
La Serena.
'tis the season. totally digging
it looks like it was. If I would've been asked to prom, I would love it to be like this.
Dicks was entertaining as hell
I wouldn't mind if the tickets for the #Believetour came out next month but I would really wanna know the dates this month...
im done
NOT too late to mail in your ballot with a YES vote 4 #oneunion #sagaftra with
New spring break plans? Summer plans?
All done at
I'd love to see a pic of the shadow boxes!! They sound awesome!! :-)
flow colder than february with extraordinary swag.
TRUTH!>>: When one door closes, another one opens, but the hallways can be a bitch. ~ Darla LeDoux
She say she onna mission so I wont waste her time
Okay, the temporary storage is added. Plesk says we are only using 13.5GB of our 30GB available...
is it wrong to drink strawberry soda, or is it just bad to crave it?
its awsome! the color of the sky looks like its gonna snow:)
Feels like moment when we were waiting on to come OUT!
:) RT : "I just want Jeff Bridges to tell me a story" -
Gas prices shooting up because we can't use our own oil #winning!!!!!
I make the gym a priority after baby's bedtime. If no one can watch him I do a workout video!
Heading to Mpls tonight to find a little trouble;-)
The website appears to be down
It's a happy moment for twitter! My phones dying and I have no charger. I see your smiles already.
first day with grandma here was a success!<3
where is the self-development/conf option i can share with folks to learn to take responsibility for their lives/work etc?
Let’s see. Some folks didn’t want the president talking to their kids yet a lot of those folks take their kids to “R” rated movies,
PUSH--P(pray) U(until) S(something) H(happens)!!!!
You too
Michelle Pfeiffer just made that cigarette look so good..
my dad wanted me to pass on that ur sister had a really good game
Hey now. Let's not just limit this to the senior class. I fucking hate the whole school.
You would have a leg up on his last wife me thinks.
There are times when it's appropriate to get an erection when someone's face is close to your penis. This is not one of those times.
that sound like bad sex...
#Podhbcu 'Lead from where ever you sit or stand. Lead through strategic silence. Lead with subtle persistence.' great stuff!
Would love to hear sing "Fragile". Talk about a perfect pairing. Dark on Dark , with a touch of light.
idk. we'll figure it out when the time comes i guess.
Thanks for the FF! Have a fabulous weekend :)
Sat's Cappers total 125 with plays in the NFL with consensus on both sides and both Totals going today 9ers leading 48-34..Back Sun
travis bro I just woke up couldnt handle it
Don't let things you can't change change YOU🌻
Howdy, twitterland. I need one more person for BCB Fantasy Baseball! Do you want to play? First person to respond gets it.
Aw you miss me! I want to
RT : It's valentine's day. You can find me on a blanket in my back yard with The Word and some Jesus music.
bout time!
Just reaLized how much i miss riding, can't wait til the weather stops being Bipolar.
Caregiver burnout is a state of physical, emotional, and mental exhaustion that may be accompanied by a change in attitude.
"... a flawless beer that opens with bright, perky high notes of maltiness and orange blossom and segues into a delectable hoppiness.”...
having a margarita waiting on ya'll!!
I was out, send me a text..I'm writing a chapter. : how about u answer ur phone missy"
I can't with you LMAO!
well everyone can be a jerk from time to time, but no I love Mark. I am routing as hard as anyone for him. We need him !!!
Thank U
#NF yes! keziah is on twitter!!! KEZZY-P ☺ I love you yo!
hm make art tonight or make twitter posts. so torn
Thanks for the welcome, we are glad to be here :)
Not sure why I still follow his twitter account is about as useless as birth control at a nunnery
Dang people tweet a lot!! I leave for maybe an hour and I have 2,000 unread tweets!!
Glad you are still here Pau...you are a class act...Gracias...
Happy World Voice Day - Today we celebrate all the voices from around the globe.......
Anyone know where to find Magic Hat beer in Memphis?
Clear is now in the Westlake Center! Come in tonight and refer to this ad to get a special discount. Hurry, We close at 8pm!
There is always color, it has yet to become light. - Pierre Bonnard
Over 100 works of art with heart!
Summer Side Show is only 3 days away Columbus, GA. Who needs tickets? :)
Finding it hard to find a setup I really like currently. #Forex. Not liking chasing risk-off right now.
Wanna know what sucks??? will be in CHICAGO (my home town) when I'm in IRELAND.
working sucks
no but me and my bf took similar pics to it and posted it on tumblr. that shit came out better than this on tho lol
Don't forget 's #MakeItInAmerica Music video will premiere Friday, May 18th on VEVO & her Google+ Hangout on Sat @ 11am/ET
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL SHUT THE F**K UP!!!
for broadway musical
Sounds good. Yrs ago in SD I used to go to a v. good burrito place near the Red Fox Piano Bar, as I recall...
Don't forget to check out your local tomorrow for the free Rose Care for Beginners class!
stuck in houslantavagas
RT : "Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"When your manner is KIND, CLEAR & CREATIVE... You turn complaints into effective ways of being SELF-EXPRESSED, EMPOWERED & FREE." ~ S.M.W.
Too much coffee. Going to bed now. Good Night
Good morning Twitter Fam. Hope everyone had a great Mothers Day wknd and that you showed love to all the important mothers in your life!
Big Knock Kid! Luuuuuuuuc!
A little on the chipper side for those sorts of headlines, don't you think?
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOLLOW EM NOW!
Starbucks!! 3-5, it ends tomorrow I think! so I have to go today!! Haha
INTERViEW FiNGERS CROSSED
I just want you to call me "babe" again :/
Wow. Under 5 year old and a baby in a stroller to the 10:30 IMAX of Avengers. Right next to us. Really?
Ok, how cool is this: some seats at Petco Park have a computer that lets Padres fans surf the Internet, or order food from their seats!
Thanks to all who ordered my book! Amazon just shipped it last night.
Only family could tell me what a shame it is that I have such a pretty face but I'm not skinny at all, and not get punched. ((sigh))
Throughout integrating science and art and their native cultures. Using a "Who Am I?" science+culture+language+art approach
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. - Max De Pree
They changed the name of "Captain America" to "The First Avenger" in S Korea. Change it to "Chris Evans Full Frontal Nudity" & I'll watch.
Theory: The British English I do not recognize is probably insulting me.
:). All the best
Henny n Coke in my cup thats what the fucks up
YEP!!! RT : Haven't seen Brett since Sunday night. Can't wait to go see my lil guy tomorrow night!! We need to move ASAP right
Who is everyone wearing for the Oscars? I am wearing TJ Maxx SU sweatpants and a Bronx Goblin T-shirt. Looks dope.
Thought I Was The Only One.. RT : Opening the shower curtain at night before you pee just in case there's a murder in the tub.
#nowthat2pacsback can we go back to looking for my dog!
Any video steaming modules out there for node yet?
Advertising is about norms and ideals, aspirations and prejudices. It's about culture.
*bats lashes* thanks beauties :)
I'm shocked Shane Moseley went the distance.
works for me. Talk to you then
65 percent running, 35 percent social. :)
my mom just said she really doesn't like me most of the time..
that was a hell of a match it was very bloody match and i knew john cena would win #ExtremeRules was awesome
My wife is the math teacher there and said you guys were KILLIN it!
Tonight at 5, be at Red Rabbit for a chance to pick up one of the last 10 tickets in their #52CardPickup contest for
Yeah. Once I heard the Biggie remix I looked into Viceroy. In fact, it might be the only Facebook page I've liked in months.
Just review Obama's new jobs plan. Is this guy for real??? Makes no sense at all as usual. More money to bailout housing market. Ridiculous
how can i get work or school to pay for me to go to the festival?
Hey John how is it going?
I'm about to bhe on twitter all day
of coarse you would laugh...
8 o'clock and no #glee ajdkfkdv ok I'm freaking out I can't take a hiatus!!!!!
And once again, it all works itself out.
Cookbook author Alice Medrich is conducting a demo on baking chewy, gooey cookies. Smells great!
you crack me up!
Oh u can do it needs good material send us your best one!
Jumped in the cab & I'm here for the first time
Never do shit on Friday. Just don't feel like it. Love being in bed<3
Full moon weekend. The moon will be 30% brighter and 15% bigger. Watch it from our patio, windows are open and people watching at its best
I get to walk my step-d to school today! Warm and misty out.
Ready for an amazing week!
where u playing anyways? Wish u were still in milwaukee
So i'm invisible now? That's cool. I've always wanted a super power.
Omg and another really lame tweet.....
what would u say about a boy and a girl who love eachother very much but cant be together because the girls family hates the boy
“Paths clear for those who know where they’re going and are determined to get there.” ~ Anonymous
Thinking about the last thing my dad said to me: "God doesn't owe us anything. Life is a pure gift." Feeling alive.
Having a romantic birthday dinner with
has anyone used trader joe's coffee filters? I put one in today and it broke apart and made a huge mess....advice?
#raw10 Saw a Man ridin a motorized hospital bed on the st. He laid stomach down and was steering goin 2 the store. Talking about a Lazy mofo
“: Signing at the DC booth in 20 min. Will have copies of Batgirl 23 and 24 to sign and loose upon the world” See you there!
wow that's crazy. Congrats man. Enjoy your holiday
I bring class to the new school, but keep the lessons of the past.
Ask yourself.... can you dance??
I have a headache because #operationsweetleaf is... well... a smelly operation
RT : Happy Birthday!!! >Thank YOU sweetie!!! Can't wait to see Pics from Bday party tomorrow:)
Hey Dinoso, are you riding on the roof of a semi? Grin
Smiling is how Angels Tweet! Its why infants smile so much.
I really need some workout motivation right now
Looking for a place to watch the #Badger game tonight, you should go to They're showing it on their big movie screen!
I wish I was there and could get a shake :(
or chutchui creek, that's a better name
#1 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
#PlansForTheSummer I hope and pray to Allah I go overseas
I'm a Hoosier.
I freaked when him, Austin, Alex, Robert, Dave, Tim, Zach, and April followed me.
Math Class ahh I hate it
How many reindeer pull santa's sleight?
I HAVE to brag! is the best kid in the WORLD! When I got home after working 14 hours she was dusting just cuz it needed it!!!
The "Naughty Girl" video &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Are you watching #DWTS? is now favored to win it all! WOO HOO!!!
SO annoyed by FB! Trying 2 invite my friends 2 my upcoming show @ The Iridium NYC but have 2 wait until 295 people accept b4 inviting more!
A good rule of thumb… holds that things take longer than you think they will, and then happen faster than you thought they could.
To follow my professional twitter feed: FF
we should try to see if we can get them to a quarter million by Friday.
sick with a fever of 102.9
nice. Atleast ur friend can walk...
the morning session perfomance started us on a great note.off to Olarndo tommorow to do more work for God.crazy4god
I'm taking Resource Description for Library Catalogs with Richard Smiraglia. Considering myself very lucky! Also Intro to IR.
looking for a great place to have a meeting near Grand Central... any suggestions?
what it do sauce,its ur boy dave.HOVA THE GOD
Love watching CP3 lead his team.
Heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done!
Matt Cooke's nomination for the #NHL Masterton Trophy is an embarrassment & a disgrace. I can't even...
I tried #mog for a month. They don't always have the albums I want. I switched to #grooveshark cause it had a sale. I like it.
We should ALL be this kind of person.
iight bet yu gon be home or in the p i might beable to scoop yu
So tired right now
Thanks for tweeting my "Still Alive" video!
Only time anyone will see me be a sweet person is if I hear when you wish upon a star. :')
Shout out to , , Thanks for following! :)
Fantastic idea!
I didn't know you played LoL. Ive played that game for like two years now. Aha.
"9W" Answer to the question: Do you spell your name with a V, Mr. Vagner?
Lookin for that perfect Mother's Day gift?! Send us your fave "mom'nme" photo for a chance to win a free Spa Treatment! use #FS4Moms!
Jack White is doing the score for The Lone Ranger. This raises my interest 20%. My total interest in seeing The Lone Ranger is now at 20%
You've got that right! RT Nobody walks without texting anymore
Man watching #BSRracebday at start. "you only got 10 miles to go."
Gonna buy Dress for My Mock Interview after school. 2 more Weeks till my mock interview.
First 5th grade book club meeting today. Any suggestions for books to read with them?
The prob w urban public transit: if you work in the burbs it takes you an effing year to really learn the system.
I will have skype by the weekend!
Back on twitter! So what's hot in music nowadays?
Just irrelevant shit too.
Bye bye hokies, Seminoles are coming to town!
disabled google buzz. my GMail interface is much happier that way. (evidently it hated that obnoxious logo too)
heading to Walnut tonight...Look for us.
Can't believe I didn't catch that the time was ET Will you show Decision again?
you better! I'll see if I can make it tonight girl!!!
(Full disclosure: Jo Ann is my SIL. I like this poem.)
well I'm not even sure when the dates/locations are
so here's my number, call me maybe!!
and idk do you want her to come?
Pro Tip! Whenever you run out of clean forks, try using a potato chip or a cookie. Plus! Extra calories!
Since its football season, look for jerseys at Goodwill. You can buy them for under $5, and sell them for a nice profit on eBay!
Woman carrying big Igloo cooler, in passing, I say, "You have a really big chest." Thank you, comic timing.
I was trying to tell you happy birthday but...well you know..lol or don't know...lmao
Such a huge fan!!(; I hope they go to the warped tour!!! #Doubt the Fallen
. #HolisticMoms As kids get older, they seem to start to fear things that really are scary -parent death, war, climate change.
hey how r u?
It was a rhetorical question. You're old and wise enough to know what that means. :)
“: #NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.”
Is vodka soda exempt? RT : Haven't had a sip of soda in 7 years. Waiting 4 a healthy one:) stated that u...
So predictable cam. Please throw on 1st down.
Share, What is your greatest talent?
Well I need to shut down lest my tweeting leads to the demise of my flight. I hate when the flight doesn't roll to a stop. BWI here I come
oh i feel you on that one! bring on the sequin sweaters and rolling chairs, woot woot!
“: Thanks everyone for all of the support! It was great to be a part of the Tigers win today.” you're my favorite Tiger!
Gym time!!
We were frantically trying to watch the #shuttle on #NASA TV and then the thing flew past our office window. Twice! Amazing!
You can never have too many Jack in the Box tacos.
ikr and chi town is where its at too got plenty of fam up there!
#poll how many landscape nature photogs have an agent to help get things published in mags?
this too shall pass .. I vote to wait it out!
my boy needs some beats
You should really respect my fashion opinions obv because I'm doing cool stuff lately like wearing silk blouses with sweatshirts
unique_candle thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I am sad for the families of Farrah and Michael.
I'm done with everything and everyone right now hands down
Andy Weatherall is a
: It's hard to break new ground.
I wake up every morning with a big smile on my face, and it never feels out of place.
This #TrayvonMartin case feels like a story out of Richard Wright's Uncle Tom's Children.
Dear Tom Barrett: You are a douchebag. Thanks for wrecking a great city. Your stupidity is beyond belief.
meaning we will finally have a chance to have our cup of coffee.
We do what we can
When baby
I need to start saving all numbers in my phone . . .
alas no not at dinner. He's asleep by 7:30 when we have our reservations. He'll be around during the day tomorrow though.
Oh do I have something great for ya'll! can't wait to show you....Coming soon
That would do it.
kets collab tiff on a film project:)
G Road 67 Mustangs 44. Headed to the ship!
If the #Heat lose tonight, what does that mean? I always think reg season can't be taken too seriously. But this would be bad...
Aw thanks love. <333
wow nice win. State bound Zephs
It's my birthday I can get high if I want to
me usually talk pretty too.
MDAT proposal: New E-ZPass rates 10% off cash tolls. No decals on Hatem, but $36 annual E-ZPass rates.
Sometimes I think your crazy lol
Okay then I must confess... I have a crush on you(;
Like Wise..Enjoy!!
im right here :) lol
lol so what you up too
I feel like dying. Idk why. I havent felt like this since before I discovered Austin. Im scared. I usually have good thoughts. Wht happened?
thought on learning analytics: isn't it hypocritical to berate Google for using student data in G Apps and then higher ed (1/2)
lol! i'm loving this #community episode too :)
well..,there were some small changes...
Asdfghjkl; depressed mood
watch out for el tigre...he's back to his old ways
Hey! Day's going well... Headed to a lunch appointment. You?
sometimes people genuinely don't know they're being annoying. in those cases, do you tell them? or hope they'll eventually figure it out?
I was hoping you would make it awkward. #SUCK. #IT. And everyone uses Pinterest, join the club
and all looked pretty sharp tonight. Oh, and looked pretty nice too, I guess.
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day from this ICONiac kk !
Can't believe the bulls and the grizzlies lost in round 1.. Still got OKC tho
thumpin #powerman5000 on ? Wow. Haven't heard that song in a minute. What's next? Soul Decision - Faded?
#thingsilovetosee my family being happy
Nice! My place completely flooded, now I need to move again. Bummer! So now I can't get an Xbox, time to save once again for one!
“: I've never met a drug dealer who had blue cross blue shield” <----hahaha
I ain't usually lost for words, this is got to be the first. & I tryna find the reason why I'm stu stu stuttering.
Aw thanks... I do <3 me some coffee!
Money over broke hoes That's my motto
- Was just at the few wks ago for my buddy 's bday. Sweet place! Have a great Easter & visit in MA!
happy happy birthday !! Hope you have a fabulous day!
Let's Go Mavs!!
I really want a FCKH8 tee shirt from fckh8.com ! They're amazing!
uh yeah. But i'm saying i have to wait until i'm 18 which sucks...
The 'tires' on those beasts are kinda heavy. You need cribbing and scene safety too.Agreed: not too high needed.
For the next few days I'm blaming absolutely EVERYTHING on the Mega Solar Storm.
"A lively style of dance popular esp. in the 1940s and 1950s, performed to swing music or rock and roll"
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!!
yeah but I won't vote for him
dont live in the past. you might miss the great things happening in your present
hello Mr. Terrio!
": #MentionTo the one you're giving your heart to." because my hearts filled wit him anyway<3(: but im not theonlyone
oh wht song?
Driving to Gallup nm!!! Wes has been driving for 7 hours he is killin it!!!
Just had a great workout! The week is off to a good start!
": Who wants to see me in PR with ?! Let's make it happen!" dont just read LEGGO
Who loves ICONic Boyyz' ?? ;]]
I am going to #tweetup will you be there?
Hosting Sweet Social Mtg at Panera Citrus Heights, CA at 9am. Entrep Women...Meet me there!
Honestly, I hate people . They intentionaly try to put people down and piss them off? Seriously? Please start acting like your age?
ahh...yes, I remember now
or we could order a bucket of perch from
that's ill son, on to the next 1
Well im the bass player but ya I can play some Jeff Beck hes awesome :D and we are playing this weekend in fort worth
Joy and pain , is like sun shine and raiinn
People with too much to say are usually lying
You hopeless romantic, you.
Never trust western union.
When a pitcher only wants to sign with a National League Team, shouldn't it be obvious that his skills are diminishing?
hey Coleen! Hope your well. Claddagh Fund is on twitter now too! Check us out
What times Rios graduation?
God is cleansing His kingdom. The #church will be as God called it to be after His cleansing. For a Kingdom divided can not stand.
Congrats on 6K!! Who! Party
washed my white pants with a bunch of dark blue t-shirts; stoked to rock my new baby-blue pants tomorrow.
I miss you all as well! Who will be your new intern?
Tonight's Special: Shrimp Basket $10!
I "liked" it - I wonder if I'll get in trouble with my hard lefto pals ;-}
The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup. And no one will care.
Thanks, Stephen. When do I get your galleys?
Me and my friend are going fishing. Let me know if you have a Hendersonville lake house with private dock we can use. Too many boats out.
Fruit butter's are healthy and delicious. Have you ever thought about putting it on greek yogurt or ice cream?
We prepared an article and series of interviews to guide you through the maze of events during National Police Week www.CopsAlive.com
It's so EASY 2 doubt the beautiful possibilities of #life making life HARD, but so HARD 2 believe failure is nothin more than tools 4 growth
Misconception #1Harmony helps. Smooth interaction among collaborators avoids time-wasting debates about how best to proceed.
wine kegs thats an interesting innovation
how bless u and happy birthday to u lil cuz how old r u
We interviewed a lawn guy a couple of weeks ago who admitted he pays his employees in weed. Only in Memphis.
Will be at the Blue Nile tonite for 1yr anniversary party...MSP needs better transit so I don't have to fork over for a taxi
A table is a very necessary part of a #workwednesday. Time to find a big ol' table for today!
I'm so happy
Waiting for some gloves to drop between the #Clippers and the
Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops.
Headding to niki's... love ..Dad..
Didn't get it:( " I replies to u the other day. Did u get it?
why is he really sick?
Life’s a climb but the view is great.
Morning little bro, make sure you work on something that revolves around your dream today.Ex:Write,Beats,Network,Ur Niche
Excited for Southern Tier sampling tomorrow. Numerous delicious beers to try.
I stay on sum other shyt I guess dats just me
I think every bitch likes loud bass ;)
they promise great things. We are stoked at the buzz
Love that guy! MT Belichick did not stop to pose with the Lombardi Trophy as he walked off stage at newsr
No more texts please.
Totally pissed I'm missing and tonight. Stop texting me, people, and rubbing it in!
Enjoy! You have to give me the full preview.
Maybe.... ;) when are you ungrounded.
I would cry if waited untill 11:59 tonight to tell us the big news...since thats still considered "today" lol
I think my positive side ran away. I'll look for it some day lol
Are you covering ASU Men's basketball? Long season but I am still a HUGE FAN.
thankks but im not playing im manger for the boys team(:
thanks for the mention :)
ya some y is tht ur next cover???
Bourbon in the glass, rib-eyes in the marinade, camera prepped for experimental fish-eye star trail shots, guests on the way.
cause you're weird kid
#45 123111901182+ because I call you like this! haha :D
Notable Birthdays: Robert Fripp, Richard Page, Pierce Bronson, Debra Winger, Boyd Tinsley, Krist Novoselic.
Follow Cuz Its Almost Her Birthday...She Wants You To Follow Her For Her Birthday(:
Big stuff going on!! Looks like we found a NEW place in San Antonio next to the airport. Stay tune for more details..... 877-527-5737
Unreal. I tried to find the Chris Walken intro from SNL but I couldn't So I'll just say it....Ladies and Gentlemen The Foo Fightas
You know me den yu know i work hard on my off days
Profs wnt bks they own digitized but don't want to use thr copy: makes sense if they're teaching a course w/that bk rght now
: RT "Operation", try studying forensic pathology or mortuary science.
This is my second time too! I was lazy for a gew years :( It's a great program to get running again.
AWK everyone.. Well they don't have one where I live in chicago... :(
Movie night wit :)
(totally hoping you didn't write it!) lol
sitting at costco lookingfor some love come on down ill cook you the best cheesesteak in vdgas see you there
Betch is literally kicking my bag out of the way to get a spot on the pole
It's whatever.
Now watching: Notorious B.I.G. Behind the Music on
Pictures of you by the Cure just does it for me.
Dead tired and it's hot as hell outside
Are y'all tuned in to the game?? Phoenix at San Antonio! #PITTSBURGH #support. !
Fucking YouTube won't let me upload a video for "Cameras". God damn Copyright...
The next two people to stop by our booth (628) and mention this tweet will get an iTunes gift card!
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
An early Christmas present for me..."A Christmas Story" is on #tcm now. #LOVE IT!
yeah let's go on an evening walk/run:)
looks like NBC wants Ree's coming in. Playing the 2010 UTAH game.
perhaps there is some middle ground? Sell with a discounted price as a "thank you" for the initial interest/help?
Hi Al, it is not supported at this time. Please check back for updates.
You are a wise man. And one with more self control than I.
Yesterday, the site was taking forever to load -- sometimes not loading at all. Luckily, it's much better today! Thx for checking.
work in the morning at Mt. View Market! yay!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” Bo Bennett
talking smack jack?
yeah the brdcast said he was given the preseason off due to the gold cup. i didnt realize he led #fullham in gls last yr
It's in the settings icon once you have already started a search- far right corner.
it's just another love story
Youll never catch me riding dirty. My vehicle is immaculate.
Send me one! I'll DM my address. You'll pay for shipping, right?
but, much as i like supporting artists / creators, there's only so much sexist & idiotic crap i can stand watching 1x, let alone 20x
well that sucked haha
its ok baby!!
Man, I slept hard
No #bulls fan wants to see this team lose a team coached by Doug Collins. At least I don't
I was a kid but I knew it was wrong and I did nothing.
It took Nussbaum 13 minutes to get to Tennessee's anti-sharia law.
I've gotten in the habit of deleting all my texts before going to bed after drinking, so as far as I'm concerned, none of that ever happened
All the Scandal episodes have been excellent, but tonight's 4/26 is superb . I restarted it to watch it twice. .
Ok, Honolulu attempt no. 2. If this lousy airline don't make it, I'mma swim...
I don't think you understand how bad I just loled to myself ♥♥♥ holy god I'm dying
New week, new blessings!
im stingy..lol
I have two shows in the can ready to go sometime today/tomorrow. Sorry for the delays.
lol there isn't any good scary movies on there!
I can't see the photo! What is it of?
hell no! Gosh, I would've dumped his cheating ass immediately!!
Come on, Seattle was part of the challenge! Don't we deserve to see them once?
Doing promos. And sommersaults.
If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life? Harvey Fierstein
No, just 6 wins
I want a follow pretty please
Welcome to all new followers Many Blessings to u all, love, light and laughter & remember, if you can laugh, u can heal anything. nitey nite
Happy March 1st! Today, we would like to give a shout out to Miller Lite for being the presenting sponsor of the St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Let's Go DEVILS!!!
Corey Smith and Florida-Georgia Line take over Majestic Theatre tonight! Show starts at 8 p.m.
Oh! Like it.
sure Maybe later on today
I'm not a fan of the wife beater under dress shirts. I wear undershirts to hold off sweat. Wife beaters don't do that.
just drank a whole bottle of water in like 3 seconds.
true story.
Jorge! You're the one with 27!? That was supposed to be mine.
Why am i not sleeping? Maybe i should pull a deefizzy, i dont really have to do anything tomorrow.
Smilers always help to others Smilers :D
If you ask someone out through text & break up with them through text too there's something wrong with you
If you don't know me..here's a opportunity to get to know me.
Epic battle seen happening right now.
Going to be hard to get over this 1
lol shit I was shooting good yesterday
shame! Sorry I missed ya
Hey, how was your race experience Sunday? You and the mini had a good time?
Always wake up from naps with the class staring at you
go get sum booty!!!
Send us some cool #AR demos to share with our audience. Pls RT!
fasho I got ya HOMMIE. About to check it out now.
HELL YEAH!! :) Congrats!
I'm officially a #fitfluential ambassador!!
put it back together again...
Its always hurry up and wait
Saw a guy with a live snake necklace. And I can't stop sweating. Related?
made my day's sales goal in one hour! three to go :)
Back in Cheney!! I drove a little too fast! Glad I didn't get pulled over :)
Me and pops were walking in dressbarn and he ran into a manican and goes "OH! Excuse me dummayy!!"
Indeed! RT : The last 5% of a project is always the worst half of a project. :-)
Yum yum yum apple pie.
AIN'Tthat the truth. That statement describes how I feel any some of my family members.
Don't feel bad. You weren't able to buy tickets. It's not like you decided not to go on purpose. T-T
Still mourning the death of my blackberry. At least until the replacement arrives today ;-)
Yes, and I expect one this year against NFDL - get a rim rockin play-by-play by Chuck Diener, err Friemund!
Delays in Home Refinancing. Our company can still close your refi in 30-45 days!! ://on.wsj.com/JpQP4E
all four little pieces with the GLUTEN FILLED BREAD.
Good luck to our friends in the SXSW accelerator competition!
RT The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. ~
we shot two new sketches this weekend
you always make me laugh even when I'm having a bad day<3
We see what kind of President Obama is, no matter what he may change to this is what he will go back to, Look at his Friends!
Nah for real though, you can always call me! lol 0:-)
yea I still do
I'm in love! So nice.
Cup of noodle and ps3.
notice I am on the phone!!!
#rise&grind Up gettin ready 4 work. Blessed & thanking God. Happy #humpday 2 everybody! Only 2 more days till Friday yay!!!
plating the grand opening of a video game
total turn on! Will you please have my babies?
since i was really bored in the middle of the night.
I have decided to take my talents to the JJP freshman team
and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
RT : A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others. - Dalai Lama
I havent talked to my best friend in a long time. And after an 1 and 1/2 convo its like nothings changed
Doc Rivers on playing injured Paul Pierce: "I'm afraid to take him out, period."
Ease is a soft sell.
"Golf fore Groceries" recipe, RT
#Bulls playin like ass tonight!!
Off to then to play some #poker & try to perform a skrillarectomy on some of these cowboys in town for
i slept good last night
with train. :p
If you wearing any other color but blue today you should just probably stay inside
He saw the best in me, When everyone else around me See he's mine, and I am his, It doesn't matter what I did, He only sees me for who I am
I agree that the sound bite is misleading if not read in full context
Did Google remove the 'advanced search' link under the search form?
even though I have probably never talked to she seems like the sweetest girl you will probably ever meet! So stop hating!
#808Pride i love u is only good when a boy says it first with out BEING ASKED
Whoo needs followers? if so tweet meh
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.� Bruce Lee
I have a Moto Droid RAZR in addition to my iPhone. Not a bad piece of hw, but... Some nice features, but not really close.
thank u for following i have cerebral palsy with spastic (spasms)
Log on to E2onair #the Sex Suite is on# join Natalie and Paul Wayne Haughton
#NothingFeelsBetterThan hearing your #beats playing behind a new #hit on the radio.
Thanks for the RT on teh Digital PBL resources and I hope that help out others in your PLN!
Sephora #unionsquare will be holding a #bridalevent THIS Saturday and Sunday with TONS of different brands showcased
boy talk that talk to me
new year vibes
"It doesn't cost a thing to smile - You don't have to pay to laugh...You better thank God for that." ::india.arie::there's hope::
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Touch 3G, Totally free 3G + Wi-Fi, six" E Ink Display - includes
All the people: they sing, "What a lovely day! Yeah, we won the war! May have lost a million men, but we got a million more..."
That story's not a story without a photo
Cards, baby!
Songwriters should protect their work, 1) mail it to yourself, keep unopened. 2) register with Library of Congress. 3) Join ASCAP or BMI ?
sorry I didnt reply to you before, whats up?
thanks so much for sharing your story with us it was awesome!
I wish you would stop tweeting things about me would be nice !
: you can call me daddy #UmmNO #thingsboysshouldNOTsay #DYING cc:
At least you didn't use legalese language like heretofore or sixtofour.
maybe instead of occupying wallstreet we should occupy congress, i heard they have better bathrooms
Defensive Driving course complete!! Feeling so relieved right now. I think its time for a nap! I'm drained -___-
": Most of the shows on MTV should really be called "Why you should go to college.""
: Hey Bez, I was suppose 2 be there - had a personal ma
Well, I'll be at ARMA12 too, but I meant #ARMA11! See you there!
oops tweeted from the wrong account - i will let my friend know -
First business Meeting of the Year returning to the GloTV Family to edit 2 new original shows, be on the lookout folks, its gonna be hot!!!!
oh yea:D
Morning Dude! :)
Been waiting with my boyfriend at Cedars Sinai so long they have taken his vitals twice. Ridiculous.
On my way to #thelake watching #nsn on my way there ily
and it begins...time for a kick smoothie and an amazing Yoga session with the one and only Noah Powell I am so excited I could just cry!
I'm so hilarious lolz
It's pretty sad that even 11 runs up, we didn't feel secure in a
I love <3
“: #2omf have the same twitter name” lol really?!
is being laughed at by an anole who has been watching her try to start this pressure washer. he is an asshole anole.
the lights on Cinderella's castle
Anyone using eBackPack? Working well for you?
How would you feel about white rims and black tires? Black crankset, white chain, saddle, and griptape?
RT ": Bryan LaHair is third in MLB in OPS. That is all."
Nothing frightens me. Except Glee. Seriously, WTF is this?
Zing RT : I did "journalism" once, but then I got distracted by a dog with a puffy tail. Here, puff! Here, puff!
SO glad I work for myself sometimes. Some workplace rules seem so arbitrary and backwards!
Let me know how it went! Thank you!
Jealous of the girl in the music video.
I love this piece of shit:D
<3 RT : #SomeoneIWannaMeet My followers they are so amazing &amp; funny
I love how listening to is part of researching and planning for one of next fall's classes!
Are you a fan of the Evil Dead movies?
In North Carolina, you can marry your first cousin (heterosexually, of course). So, that should tell you something about North Carolinians.
not me in good :-)
Blueberry pancakes & kid shows :)
how you gon tell em to eat a dick then say he nice as hell ? o_0
despite my rationalizations, #IHateSchoolBecause i feel entitled to a life where 100% of my time is spent consuming mindless entertainment
All I can say is... DAMN! Matt was an incredible server btw! Love ya Paula!
Would love to see you host the #Oscars one day!
When people bring up that one mistake you'll always regret ;P
I know I say this a lot, but I have got to start using this thing more.
Not an Orioles fan, but Maryland is nice.. between the beaches, casino & aquarium... I love it.
your cool 👍
you need to come hang in Nashville sometime!
Cool cool bhaha good to know. Yeah reading is great I try to read a few pages before I go to bed every night
I feel like I give this speech every time lakers lose. Y'all be trippin lol
Who up n at
My son saw you at mall today... he can't stop talking about it 3 goggles
You didnt tweet yesterday :( well I hope you're having a good day!(:
maybach has some talent though. But yeah they annoying
Dang #android - you LOVE battery.
Featuring in one of song's stay tuned. Music video during summer!
"I'm sexy and I know it" asfdgfygferercvjkujsehasjkjnnj gone
Channing Tatum is the sexiest beast evverr.
just checked and it's not showing that I sent any spam. Can you send me what you received please?
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
“: I will have a Range Rover. I will have a nice house. I will have Armani suits. I will have money... Plenty of money.”
She's in Nicaragua
“: top 5 beyonce song!” excuse me
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
I guess Chuck Pagano!
Girl wobble it and ill gobble it..
Did you mean Draino, ya drug addled fuck? I have to admit I wish youd stayed, these guests are lame and ur presence is bad 4 Dani
Welcome to my little music world
Gotta give a shout out to for his win! I got caught up in the Gabby thing, but you were awesome. What a comeback from worlds!
yall ready to watch me.
awesome! I haven't checked the weather tomorrow but if it's nice let's ride at 6! :-)
Good night all peace out!! ZZZZzzs
Be even kill never get to high or to low stay in between when it comes to actions.
sweet, yes let's coordinate :)
Thanks so much for the info!
Earthquakes, UFO's and Al Sharpton; you be the judge.
Crossed a hipster rubicon when an indie band bound for SXSW stayed at my house last night. Now celebrating at my favorite locavore place.
Harry Styles head is so hairy lmfaoo
'Africa Rising', on the cover of The Economist: Over the past decade six of the world's fastest growing countries were African.
#3words I'm SO hungry!
Just arrived in #Phoenix for spring training!
I hope makes #AllStarsTour :D
In my kitchen there is homemade granola and a jug of homemade ice tea. These things make me happy.
follow me on instagram
Things change, People change, but one thing remains the same if your true to yourself.. your heart & soul.
a phaser and a pimpin' ring. That guy is made of win. I can't even put together ikea furniture!
Who's gonna win MNF?
ISO of someone to video upcoming events. Any recs appreciated. DM me.
Yes!!! We have lots to talk about! Lemme know when you have a mo. Did you get the pic I sent you last night of Adam?
Heading to the brewers game tonight... Who wants beast gear? Get it at milwaukeesbeast.bigcartel.com
GOOD LUCK to my favorite running team tomorrow morning. Thanks for reppin' the D so well!
No, YOU ARE! Also remind me to tell you about shenanigans with Keith on Friday, hahahaha.
changing my photo for my other Twitter and waiting for all my songs from Limewire to download!,uplate
Your hands are tough, but they are where mine belong in <3
- I prefer your commentary on music
Congrats on the MI Emmy nomination Fubble Entertainment LLC! Backstage Drama feeling the love.
Lookin' god. Me, I mean. Not Holland. Maybe try throwing a strike bro.
Playing werewolf with It is on anybody ready?
Levon Helm, who carried the weight on some of the greatest songs in rock history, dies after a long battle with cancer
Went to the hair salon today. Best blowjob ever.
gettin sleepy..think ill hit the sack...nite:)
Three picks! Too busy dreaming, vick? It doesn't matter, you don't really like philly anyway.
yeah. I was in the beer garden all day. and although I'll want to sit elsewhere tomorrow, it probably won't happen.
On a scale of 1-100 how immature are you? 69 ;)
There's always someone up, even when you think no one isn't lol
#happybirthdayjboogz this is doing a lot your luck I love you
nope. everyone hates me...HA :p
“: How u guys doing out there in twitter world?” I'm fine, thank you. And yourself?
remember to stop & smell the flowers
Aftershocks of Sumatra quake felt in India.
big l, very nice
I just tried to grab an onion out of the cupboard and it collapsed into mush in my hands. I guess I need to cook more often?
Brewers put the smackdown on the Cards! Let's get Game 2, boyz!
lmao Ditto .. No comment
haha I spilled it all over myself......on my birthday. I spilled it on too;)
VENUS\MARS pairing in TAURUS eases the tension of tonight's MOON\SATURN opposition.Pamper each other today to avoid conflict tonight.
eww i look disgusting.!:o
Why am I not asleep? Pretty sure this is almost self-destructive behavior at this point.
Where does Pop rank all time? (Taylor)
Ran into exhim... me or catch me on the elevator
We screwed up! We had a bug in a server update. Resulting in a key error and a broken page link. It will be fixed within the hour! SO SORRY!
Everyone & their brother's complaining about the rainy spring we've had in Seattle (including myself) but remember last year? Pure misery!
oh btw I need a sharp senior managerish level assistant controller role who wants straight public! Help!
Taxes suck
Me too! RT I really want to watch Beauty and the Beast in HD.
it is 5am - After 3 nights with only 4 hours of sleep, 2 nights with two hours and 1 night of no sleep - I have a hell day ahead of me
Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts
the movie's an experience! I hope they show them - they're totally different from the one they used & would've changed the feel!
Thom Yorke is urging young musicians to avoid signing with record labels because they will "completely fold" within a matter of months.
first episode premieres this week, so excited...
Manning goes down again! # patsnation
It takes imagination and courage to pull apart packaged content. RT
Yea I'm doing good. We need to catch up
This is real.
Are there nationwide #internet and #phone problems?
if anybody deserves to see in concert again it's definitely you :)
Your RT of this comment worked becuz DapaDon just lost 2 followers.
Just had a lovely conversation with The Beat Dolls! Good people! We should be starting the broadcast soon!
POP GOES THE GIO PLAY THIS WEEKEND AT 3160 ON FRIDAY AND SERINITY LOUNGE ON SATURDAY CHECK OUT WWW.POPGOESTHEGIO.COM
the long drive aint been wen ur well rested.
Sweet, Bob Dylan is on Spotify now.
i didnt laugh
Who's got their #summer #fashion picked out?
me... I'm the lucky guy
My Teacher Calls Us Children Of The Corn For No Reason (???)
Question from bulletin today: how do we choose to focus on Jesus during Lent?
hehehe! You always make me laugh!! Hope you are having a great weekend! :)
For our American friends, Happy 4th of July! To all our other friends, boo Monday!
check mother earth news website
Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast by Lewis Wolpert. Non fiction.An interesting way to view marketing strategies.
#iloveitwhen you quote a movie in front of a group of people and you have a new friend :)
Bring your kids to see Bugs Bunny at the Symphony at Wolf Trap Park on August 7th!
enough about that, i'm so ready for tomorrow night at ! who's going out ?!
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall for that course.
Not to mention how many families call nuggets and fries a meal for their kids several nights a week
not really having the best morning.
I've been listening to for words new album nonstop since it came out. Awesome job guys!
I hope the Lakers win. Beating them will be so much more satisfying!
Right is RIGHT.. even if only a few people are doing it.
It's going to get hot around here. Already is. Whew.
Can't wait to hear it!
Just another CRAZY day at Studio B Smiles! Never a dull moment around here. That's why we love it! :)
At the beach(: wiith baby charlie!
aha, oh god. Knowing me, you already know it'll be crazy.
Dallas fun time is over. Back to San Antonio we go.
Hahaha LOVE it!!!
even thoe not said .. i dont feel trusted, always assuming something. & its crazy cause i dont even do nothing.
Bitch you get no lovee(:
thank you! :)
I never understood why Barry lives there, of all places.
It was my pleasure. Come over lets take a shot of rumpy..
i seriously just ate my weight in sushi.
do nish work today
They really need to start teaching gps to think outside the box!
Really? That West roster is stacked. RT I have to go with the East to get the win tonight.
Seen our report on the state of arts education in Portland elementary schools yet? Read about it here:
Writing policy for students to check out laptops. Currently trading for student IDs. Really want something like phone or house keys...
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether all that's on your mind is s.e.x
forgetting Sarah Marshall!
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
Shoutout to my new follower>>>>> go follow his fine ass... Follow & gain...
LeBron with the deer and the head lights look
hey Mr president how about a shout and a follow
The change up was a surprisingly funny movie! :)
did you get one?
we'll see you soon!
How do I get my comics reviewed on you site?
Sweet! Thanks, pal!
good I'm excited. 1: to see you as its been ages. 2: that message u posted on fb lol
let's beta test an in-home campaign that brings consumers in-store to redeem via
Amazing to see the economic optimism in Germany....and the growth.
#ItSeemsLike more females wanna get pregnant in hs n not Graduate.
Building confidence and creativity, block by block with 40% off a WEDGiTS Building Blocks Starter Set and Design Card Deck this week from...
The RT was because your laugh made me laugh again!
I love walking
RT : "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
Getting ready for the Superbowl? Superbowl Village opens this Friday, how are you planning your studying to make a trip to the festivities?
I'm with you brother. Hard to imagine this franchise without him. Definitely a sad night.
I love these crystal clear NY mornings. Makes me think anything is possible! (Love your website btw. Well done).
I turn on the TV and Gene Simmons is doing the local weather.
Head full of water, but I didn't manage to land my second switch krypt off the kicker. Now to start grabbing it!
Fueled by locally cultivated biomass, we can consume left over tree parts after higher value components have been taken as industry develops
cause if you're cool then you know lol
I think my mama waits intentionally for me to come out my room JUST to make me run and do stuff.! The Nerve of Grown People.!
Chargers fans should be excited about this prospect. Sport Science: Melvin Ingram: via
Girls Night out Amendment, woo hoo!!
In other words, I'm giving them a ton of credit and think they've definitely earned what they've achieved.
Thank you! I had so much fun with them - I love complicated registration! Need to find more cool circuit board designs to print. :)
There goes my bracket
#obamausc "we need to vote democrat"-jamie foxx
Smoke Big Blunts....Drank Big Bottles!!!
Occupy Museums happening now, Occupy Libraries next?
I'm craving In&Out and Jamba Juice! Good thing I will be enjoying BOTH places in a month before I report to the MTC :]
whether or not Don Lily approves is kinda my new favorite hashtag. Second to
Cheer up im sorry for what ever happend, dont respond ik u dont wanna talk. just letting ya know i hope shit gets better
CW quote of day: Union soldier; "It's awful confounded dull here. Nothing even half interesting...saw a fellow's leg taken off last night."
miss my old friends but will miss my new friends...ah
Damn my cousin tho'
are you ok?! What happened?
Looks so concentrated O_O
Im so bored theres nothing to do
Nice teeth >>>
: Come to "The Pretty Black Chains & The Del Toros @ The Treehouse (Tulsa, OK)" Thursday, March 29
It must be September aka its 95 degrees
If in NOLA, I'd be doing bike laps around the Arena, taking pix of KY/L'ville fans, instructing them in my head about the *real* Civil War.
nothing :P Soulja boy following me :D I cant believe :D ahah
happens :) RT : 2 days in a row. Needed something close an quick. Busy day (@ Pepino's Mexican Grill)
Hell Yea Exile is the shit. Definitely going to try to make it up.
it takes commitment of time and staff resources to build the community as Deere & SBUX -new class of empls to manage?
thank u so much for inspiring me to help our community and to fix our planet
Just watched Labrynth. Haven't seen that in a while
Fuck snow, I'm going back to bed.
The book is so New York, that names too demonstratively British strike me as pretentious on the page, tho I love them IRL
What is try-harding?
Watching Fridays episode of #Fringe this show keeps getting more and more awesome 😃
Don't miss the mayor lighting the menorah 4 pm on Fremont between LVB & 4th
Can't be said enough. RT : Social media is not a tech job. - Lindsay Martin
Covering President Obama's speech in Cushing, OK for
And there it is folks! History in the making.
Lebron and wade is da team slow dem 2 dwn dey aint good as a team my opinion
Need breads or dessert for your holiday dinner? Place your special orders for Easter now!
Did you know that approximately one-quarter of America’s sugar is grown in Florida?
I'm always shocked my wife doesn't get carded because she looks younger than her age to me.
"If you reach out to the world with all that you have, like a star, you can never be hidden no matter where you are." Moboluwaji Raphael Ojo
Nap city, nap nap city.
"We first make our habits, and then our habits make us"
Had a fantastic Easter dinner yesterday. Hope everyone had a great time with their families.
Almost time for the Super Full Moon. And Cinco de Mayo. Time to plant crops.
Hope everyone had an awesome weekend!! Time to get back to work ;-)
Already have a little gig lined up for next Sunday in Santa Monica...my first weekend in LA!
Im keep being pretty me dont matter what people say :) RT if u are pretty!!!!
"say she only fucked like 4-5 niggas, so you know you gotta multiply by 3
Jonny Amaronte absolutely killing it as usual. Unreal, lets go!
on to Mother's day May 8. great fun wine gift. www.giftedvine.com Use coupon code MOM010 for free shipping on 2 bottles or more.
✋ RT : Shoutout to the people going to prom today, sore from dancing last night.
Eating at El Coyote tonight down the street from the grove. Great food, amazing prices :D
Thanks for following and enjoy your summer travels! I can give tips on Barbados and T&T.
Homebuyer agreed to buy home at set $; why renegotiate deal by reducing principal owed? No fan of banks, but home price wasn't hidden term
Elway: Early in the draft we have to find guys that are going to be good football players.
Thanks for the follow!
Lexington bound for graduation! He's a big boy now
let's hope so, That was unbelievable! Go Bruins!!
gonna do a few more things before bed, well goodnight!
oh by the way I'm a youth pastor now. haha That's why I'm planning a trip. For like 15-20 high school and middle school
Mr Know It All!
Yesterday I saw a rheumatologist. No idea what's wrong, but I got a splint for both wrists. Remember, kids: Don't use the computer too much!
Love how I lost all my colors in Draw something
I'm just so tired, nothing is real. I lost my love to the complex inside me
Fear and confusion are the enemies of creativity.
Critics always find a reason to hate the heat...
amanda #TypeYourNameWithYourElbow wow i'm perfect ;D
yall r so pretty!!!!
Where did yall sit last night? Message me next time you're at a game, homie.
you better believe it!
Wow. Just goes to show that our outlook on life is the most important tool we have for success.
RT RT : Even w my buddy Jimmy Norton on this morning, you could still never get me to listen to Wease, bro. Never.
let me know, and we should chill soon. It has been to long
I appreciate it nonetheless. Fingers crossed.
Drake has such a sick flow
I See Chachi :)
Sittin on the stoop, enjoying the sun.
its ova wit
hold up hold up hold up WOH THERE let's capture this moment .....
the "clues" in the background
AMG & WBM ENTERTAINMENT COLLABED & WE GOT SOMETHING GOOD GOING ON!
They don't let just anybody get a PH.D. You have to be able to use big words nobody else understands. :-)
You should marry TJ Miller.
ok bf thnk u so much u know I don't know Wht I'm doing in here lol
thanks for the title, enjoy the cards!
Already being slowed down with rain at Newcastle Rd & S. Meridian. The wind is also becoming an issue.
My fish got adopted by Billy today #SadGirl :(
#ILoveItWhen i love it when guys compliment my eyes <3
I want to see all the spectacles spill their guts right on the streets.
it's my 1st time being on twitter today... -__-
Could today be any more beautiful? Especially grateful to live in #Albuquerque on days like today.
haha! Maybe I'm not remembering the name right, it was a majestically weird video we watched at your house with Simone...
": I'm not afraid to let a stranger put their arms around me." Good then you won't sue for what I did last night ;)
Everything changes, nothing remains without change. ps send in ri go to gym
Thursday night 9:00, no school on Friday and I'm sitting in bed. I'm such a loser.
Why is my 6'4" 295 pound cousin wearing a banana suit?
Not in FL... It isn't unbearably hot outside yet ahah :)
Fucking Heath Bell
I speak for th millions who donT and wonT watch unappealG characters actG out lowlife storylines on
that's what I get!!! your talking about the one in north side Denver right!?
Conojitos for lunch today y'all! Put that in your paper plate & smoke it...
I feel like #Gone is going to be like
OMG thats awesome. I would LOVE pic to put up on the nursing home wall. while I rehab. Another surgery fri.
#IfItWasntforTwitter you probably wouldn't be thinking about wings from Quaker Steak & lube right now...because now you are.
Rowe: As a digital humanist, how do you navigate btw creating an archive of data + an interpretation that might foreclose other responses?
Where can I find information on EMPOWERED? I'm interested in getting involved!
no I are the niggest
But regardless of anything that upsets me, I love my life and I won't change it for nothing!! 😜😝
New urkontinent from hearing some good buzz on this one.. tasting it in a few with Chris from
are u sad now?? *I Love Aaron*
ikr... i missed BGC too... it sucks
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Tennessee Basketball or Football Sucks.
He spoke well who said that graves are the footprints of angels.
It's also just kinda creepy that we go to museums and look at human remains,
Remember when mullets were, like, a *thing*?
I feel your pain lol ": Staying up until 12:30 to see the #NUGGETS win was worth the difficulty #BLUEANDYELLOW"
I hate when ppl tlk Spanish around me ... Makes a NIGGA nervous
-- can't wait to shoot! :3 love being creative!
Please be aware that icicles forming on buildings are a danger and can do great harm to individuals if they fall. Heads up!
hope everything is cool with your little sprout.
Where can I hear J & Ye Watch the Throne? New release date?
she gone have a fuckin orgasm
I feel like listening to City and Colour while doing my homework
way to tempted to go out tonight in my sports bra and hoodie
Give them hell, from lobo fan
Havin a good time with the fam my phone is died tho :(
Pay it forward. You never know the impact you will make on others.
Don`t tell me the sky`s the limit when there are footprints on the moon
i will! If u stay up late u should remind him:p lol goodnightt <33 :) i <3 u dave ! Even tho u wont see this ahahahaha
Looking forward to the Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony tonight at 6:30 p.m. Come join us start the 2011 off right!
Mar 1st ill b in Tucson rockin w Mar 2nd me n will be in flagstaff rocking w both all ages shows
I WISH people liked metal that much around here. We're close enough to metal that we aren't as big as we could be in NY.
good to be back in the land of twitter! just indulged in a portillos chopped salad. yum! anyone else a huge fan?
New Links page is up.
thanks for not making us look TOO crazy...
Sometimes #Monday ain't so bad. There are good works to be done today!
Good stuff man, you going all out and getting a place in Manhattan? I'll have to visit, I love that city
Disposables are safety razors..
Nothing like a cold dose of sobering reality to kick off their weekend, eh?
#quotes If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
Are you a videographer that would like to help out with producing content for Built in Cbus and our partners? Let us know!
Hey there friends. Long time no see.
any score yet?
A3: I love to place a fern in a gorgeous pot in my living room. So chic.
don't buy into the #blackfriday madness.Retail workers suffer long hours w/ little/no benefit for ditching thr fams while corps profit.
I'm a better person today because of the mistakes and missteps I made as a teenager. People can change.
Kanye? And the prompt is...?
(con't 2) Or "Tomorrow you will meet a serial killer, but you will never know who it was."
I really think Heejun went as far as he deserved. I really hope he gets a record deal, though.
I miss you 
I miss my best friend, Girls day this week?
And the crowd goes mild!!! “: BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins Arizona Republican presidential primary”
sfjazz spring season opened last night with hugh masekela -- rocked! just back from sfjazz collective rehearsal this morn -- cooking!
appreciate the recognition. Thanks! RT
Shame! RT : Property taxes have risen 43% since 98. Because of our reforms, tax bill on median value home went down .4% this year
Word to yo mother.
But for #WrestleMania, wasn't the Uecker seats ring side ;)
yikes! well i know you'll git-r-done and then we can chill by the pool, just keep that in mind lol. So when's your last day?
What creates virality? Tastemakers, communities of participation & unexpectedness.
In March, Kevin Love became the first player in NBA history to lead the league in scoring, rebounding and made 3s
Mac & cheese is my one true love.
West Virginia Human Rights Commission Has New Tool to Educate the Public
And when I cut my facial hair... there are no bumps.
Every scout I've talked to had Chris Owusu in the 4.3's, & many had him as fastest WR. Also 2nd in broad, 3rd in vert & 6th in bench.
Bauer Hour!
Custom Designed Invitations ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Theme Development ★ Consulting ★ Graphic Design
Making endure a chick flick marathon.
it sucks that we suck..
why are you a pickle
Is there a dirtier player in the #NBA than Lebron right now?
Pass to Kobe
'i' before 'e' except in 'weird.'
If I get 4 hours of sleep when I work and I don't sleep on the weeken maybe an hour .. what gonna happen.
"imma come at you with a double barrel shotgun!"
when u rate the product each month...
Relationship Revolution, Part 1: Why we can't all be
oh that was something else.
text me
I think someone is playing a joke on me. 4 more power outages today (albeit they were all brief).
I'll just shut up and listen to what is spinning til I figure this out
RETWEET if u are a fan of and
Are U a fast, fun, & friendly Jr Web Designer? Do you love Web advertising? Do you create bad ass creative? If so, Tweet me!
In name of God, GOP mocks world's great faiths. In name of families, it fails them. In name of America, it flouts Constitution.
#twilightexit was a mess tonight. So packed. Everyone trying so hard to look SO bad. Oh well, it was still fun.
Thx for the RT!! Hope you had a great weekend :-)
that only means one thing: Ron Paul should join Swamp People.
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.-- Anas Nin
Hey Mike, sorry about the emails. Can you forward me an email you received so I can look into it. vreeland [at] yext [dot] com
cardboard cut out rules!
OH Amazon... you finally sucked me into Prime. This will not end well.
looking forward to the new scenes going up in class tomorrow!
It's #biketoworkweek. Will you be taking advantage of it?
no matter how many times i watch the same episode of cougar town...i still laugh out loud
We better not be going outside in gym next period.
just awful! : Honestly, that might have been one of the worst decisions I've ever seen any person make.
I watched the Superbowl yesterday. I was terribly disappointed. Someone should've told me it was a football game.
what can you do?
there's a bunch of jerks and players and ugly boys where i live!
Small Cute and Furry :) and a very dinky pink tongue :) Thank you for sharing :)
pineapple express literally.
Why do people jump with Blake Griffin?
Just finished mixing the 3 demos. They sound pretty okay!
now ur just coming off as stupid
Indians might not have any feet left. Over the last week they have shot themselves in the foot at least a dozen times.
GC Tucson, pretty quiet. Some dude sits down at a keyboard and whips out Foreplay by Boston, then a bunch of Keith Emerson riffs. Cool!!!
church time :)
hahaha thank you. yes. I know how to get the dudes
Join us Halloween day for SKREAM we open at 9 PM. Bring your costumes were giving away $500 to best costume!
why does it take so long to process orders???
RT : RT : It's really hard not talking to the person you used to talk every day.
world book night was a success! handed out 20 free copies of pattie smith's "just kids" to people at the game store & bars.
Lmao Only Thing i Could Think of...Remember. if You Dont Have Haters, Then You Arent Doin Somethin Right :)
how're you bby
Excellent. Who came out on top? Either way, death wins out.
My puppy is so cute! I hate leaving him in the morning for school! ):
thanks! I'll definitely take you up on that in the future.
Dine in or pick up a slice & fountain drink & garlic bread - each just 99 Cents - Mon-Wed between 10am and 3pm.Try a Fried Ravioli app-$5.99
Insurance continuing education meeting may be the most boring show I've ever done
Maybe I should just drink on it
These scenes are so good/intense I sometimes forget to breathe...wow.
“Mothers of Teenagers Know Why Animals Eat Their Young”
Hm...cannot say what I want to say.
when will you post the finalist for the pitch it contest?
it's not going to be like this weekend..
thanks for the heads-up.
I totally contemplated the idea of it today. Went with broccoli instead. fail.
You're my hero.
Watching Donnie Darko for the hundredth time love this movie
Reminds me that I should really invest in a new pair of jean overalls - those things were awesome.
#YESmaybe RT : Ignorance doesn't have an age RT : They are too old to be doing this....
nah but I really do like the dude .
Wait a couple months and your guna see you'll never find no one better then me :)
Pele: "Now everyone is talking about Messi; he is a star. But [to be the best ever] he must first become better than Neymar." That's a joke
As of today I am shorting the s&p 500 with gusto. target is early December. The bear rally is over.
33. #Brewers 8 #Cubs 2 | Edwin Maysonet! / up from the minors in time / to hit first grand slam.
was at the library the exact minute it opened today
thanks for the
Spent so much money on gifts for the family (mainly niece & nephew) today. Have to make up for not seeing anyone in a year. Super excited.
Ain't nobody
I am already in part three so it should be doable. I just have so many books I want to get read before I (maybe) move to China.
Youre right, gotta have those #Margaritas too!! and some #Tacos!! Have a great day! :)
Congrats to on his new job! Happy last day at work :)
pickup Manning in TEN on your way here
130th Airlift Wing, WV Air Guard has three aircraft n crews deployed in Afghanistan right now...
Goin over everything one more time then sleep
hope you get to go!
The Weekly LOVIEE should be up this afternoon. I'm behind schedule and took an extra day finishing up the Via Colori recap.
"I'm not conceited, I'm just that good" Story of my life
End of the 1st period, Oklahoma City leads the 1-0. Live from the in SATX.
If Josh Ledet would make a record of Otis Redding/Righteous Brothers type songs, I would buy that album in a heartbeat
Ohh lookie, we are late for dinner again.... All because of Kelsey..Haha. At least it's not me this time. But the others are gonna kill us!!
If says "boink" one mo time, and idk what da f**k that is I'm goin scream.
“ “ #Sagittarius can not stand people who lie to their face."
Still filming... Stay tuned for the "Debut" ;-)
Good morning! just took the stage at #CAPRSA. He's waking us all up - better than a cup of coffee any day.
I can't even tell you the number of tweets I give up one before sending because I can't condense it it 140
Sixteen stories I'd rather burn than fall
Possibly to see the hats? haha RT : Interesting..“: Kentucky Derby audience was 51% female.”
If the Rays were gonna take this one it was when they had 2-0 lead. No way this lineup can produce THREE more runs (at least).
I think the belt shirts are #beltworthy. They look good!
Much thanks to the spicy folks for playing my tune last night!
holy crap
Thanks Amber!! Yes, definitely! RT : Congrats on a very successful #riseaustin12! I hope you're resting today :)
Are you ready for the new #bitesize #resource to be uploaded??
Moment of silence for all the lost soilders on 9\11
I abstain from coffee houses very abstemiously.
I know! I can't wait! Are you going to watch it with the Demetrians tonight?
": Excellent!! Taking my son out next weekend to shoot his Mosin." --> A great American tradition!
Big film event coming to the new W Hotel June 3.
Cmon Broncos be smart and get DEFENSE!!!!
Hahahahahaha RT : SHIT is about to hit the fan and its ALL MY FAULT...smh
"We're blaming 'society' yet we are society. So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
well it's been canceled.
old enough lmfaoo
I don't hate breastfeeding. Kid's gotta eat. People can watch murder on television, but get hung up on a boob. That said, 3 is too old.
Former #Chief Ray Whitney reached 1,001 career pts tonight. Had a goal & assist in 4-0 win over the Ducks. He's the 79th all-time to 1,000.
that makes me so happy😃
making girls ovaries explode since 1994.
A taste for pain with a side of self-loathing.
Duhh I told you I was gonna do it! Lmao
First tweet from new Ivy Bridge setup running Windows 8.
My way of sayin "Hi"
Starting your day isn't so bad when you have something to look forward at the end. =)
I'm always checking and responding to email during down time in the work day. Metro rides, waiting for a client, etc.
AH HE'S GOING <33
That didn't take long. USA down 1-0.
Only 196 homicides in #Baltimore this year- lowest # since 1978! Were the criminals passed out for 2 days straight or what?
Recognize the ones that always got yo B*A*C*K bc those are the ones that u never want to leave B*E*H*I*N*D
Yea the 1st season was awesome. It apparently followed the comics really well
... happy bday & i'm SO glad i met you on the other side of the world!
Do you take non-union actors? Are all the actors represented across the board? Thanks!
Woke up sounding like a frog... Why can't I talk? Steamer time
YOU. ARE. SO. LUCKY. :D afhsdjkfhdskvfhsjkdhwefhksdfhwfhaslkaf YAYAYAYAYAY!
REMEMBER DIS! YALL GOT JOBS AND AH BOSS 2 ANSWER 2 EVERY DAY U CLOCK IN AND OUT! I AM MY OWN BOSS PPL WORK 4 ME AND I DNT WORK HARD AT ALL!
I would rather swallow broken glass.
Beaglin at Bobby's!
Show 21 and another 1st, Jared Sherlock made me cry and it was a magic show. damn dude. Laughed lots too. Guy gots talent.
Let's get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance #You&Eye <3
Usability tip: Having a link that reads "Using this website is easy!" that links to an FAQ on how to use the site means it's not that easy.
I wonder if it was a sign. God puts things out there for us to see and we ignore them. That goes for business n personal relationships
ya man sampling is most def my strength, all the soundcloud beats are me experimenting on Machine, got the MPC back though :)
haha well thank you!
How could I have missed it?! Thats what I get for pooling for Biden fundraiser
Gas prices went up another 30 cents today. That's up 50 cents for the week. It's time for real energy independence in the USA.
best damn turkey leg ever :D
damn. How long is it now?
my computer is not able to save the form to inter to be a model for your makeup line. is there another way to participate?
Another of my couple's bites the dust ;/
Can nebody tell me how i got home please
told my girlfriend about a news story I heard about the future world-wide chocolate shortage - the first time I had her full attention.
Watchong #smash on ! Fantastic!
When using screen in UNIX ctrl +a, ctrl + d gets you out of screen. If you're accidentally still in your outlook window, no bueno.
Economists at NE Univ. in Boston recently found corp profits captured 88% of income growth b/t the 2 quarter of 09 and the 4 quarter of 10
got little white english kids> < calling mutha fuckas nappy headed hoes...I CAN'T!
lol yes it is ;) I stayed right down the street the hard rock...might have a hot new artist to send your way too
vcu will foul and milk several more seconds.
Ah, I wanna perform at teenhoot so bad..
Of course, darling. Have a lovely evening!
“Mental toughness is not letting anyone break you.” - Jimi Mitchell-
ha best of on #Spotify, awesome
tonight, tonight.... we're on Ed's radar. :)
i was his youngest client.
OMG his lost his stick twice... it isn't like its happened his whole career.... ps I just had an fn heart attack
Good Morning
: Thinking about it . . .
I love the live tweeting from this road trip. Keep it up!
Torrential hail storm on WKY PKY near Dawson Springs. Strong winds with circular motion. Trigg County students to storm shelter.
Thanks for tweet and inspiration for the blog post
Where do the endless brainless booby heavy... promo beer wenches come from?.. They must be importing them
chatting to a hologram. Awesome
Progressives not my cup of tea. I want my crazy 1800s back.
Friday afternoon shout out >
Happy booze day! Um, we mean Tuesday: Happy Hour, 3-7pm & Half Off Wines by the btl, 5pm. Now you have something to look forward to, cheers!
absolutely! Its right on the verge here in Albany NY.
OMG me too! RT "All By Myself" always reminds me of Bridget Jones, haha
Who likes to get tree high!
Double take on fashionbaggage.com
I was bout to say something ;)
oh shit ...not good ..have to download it ..i cant ):
The Jacques Brel show at the Skylight was great. Brel in English ! Highly recommend it. 2 days left though.
Hahaha! Who, that was funny!
Come say hi at Booth 200-201 at the Spokane Home and Garden Show this weekend!
I let you beat me for you not to want the cookie :o
No come back there then bruv :L <3
Yes then I will definitely be checking them out. I already love their clothes even though they are not tall sized. :)
Yeah, I should've expected this.
Christianity, if false, is of no importance, &, if true, of infinite importance. Only thing it can't be is moderately important. Lewis
whatchu know about #indiefilm - let us know for a RT!
Emory University Doc Monica Walker: Marry scientific and faith communities, where pastors are informed.
1 you send off
iPad my mum let me use it for a lil ....
starting the morning and afternoon off at only to go straight to for the evening... I love 12 hour days like these.
You've already won me over in spite of me. And don't be alarmed if I fall head over feet.
on a side note, I'm headed to Kilimanjaro in a few months, you still going there this summer?
At home finally I can sleep 👏
Historians and old-timers met in Tucumcari—one recalled his parents' shack on a homestead in the 1910s, his mother's illness, the solitude.
tweet to mr
truth is strange. :-)
Going to miss youu don't be too crazy without me! :)
She is really blowing me right now
Unfollowed a lot of shit accounts.
I don't get why people have phones if they aren't going to use them
Happy birthday to one of my bestest besties ! Love you girl!
I apologize for those of you who have received direct messages from me. My account has been compromised and I am resolving the issue.
New Warnings for MS Drug Gilenya After FDA Review
Great entrepreneurship resources:
I hope!
ME TO cross your fingers for me!
It's almost time for #WRESTLEMANIA !!!!! Retweet with what match your looking forward to most!
It goes down 👇
p.s. email me! you never told me what happened last week!
Sounds like a Crossfit workout.
I had the same exact thing for an afternoon snack. Yum!
haha too easy
Hi , great to see you on Twitter. We still love what you did for our place here in SFB (twice), how are you?
If u only knew how busy we were you'd come and help
All High school students fox local news is filming @ 1640 West Main Street OKC, OK at 5:45am support your school
you better get all rolled up to make it a pretty day
Dig. Deeper. RT : 1st day of May was #INSANE! And by that, I'm referring to the #insanity workout we just did. WOW.
Glad you liked it! More to come.
We're out there until 3 PM!! That's not early!
My New Jump Rope! LOL!
Follow Your Heart, And Your Dreams Will Come True ! <3
your idol has a twitter!!!!!
Running, push ups, jumping rope, I ain't went this hard ever! Now its time to pick up that basketball & get shots up
Our home library filled 25 Depot boxes. We have too many books.
What's The Deal?
Lol wow.. this isnt just muncie RT : The first thing you say at the drive thru windows is, “Lemme get uhhhhhhhhhmmm
Jeremy Lin this kid is going to be great he is only going to get better.
omg that poor bunny lol
Hearing our song when I'm really missing you. Coincidence? I call it fate.
- sure, open to it. What are the details?
Wolf releases this summer. Rumor has it Hodgy & Domo are making a MellowHigh tape. Rad.
oh I will. you will never get a good high score.
send all details when u can
Been Chalking "Vote No" on Terrace Lounge Referendum against the #GlassBox during October 16th
game 4 was a bounced back game
there is a $10 burger and BEER special for dinner
if you fall on the ground, that's yo asphalt
Don't be hesitant to talk to an employer just because it is next to a booth of a recruiter you just spoke to...
If I were a superhero, I'd want to be "Bread Man". That way, the ladies would say I'm a yeast in bed.
Why do people say "I'm over the moon for my (fill in the blank)"!! Most overused and useless saying...ever.
The McClain sisters perform on the Mall of America And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander "A-Game" Miller said so!!!
Great day yesterday at the Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides Premiere!
Tried out a new tough circuit today i saw on
"every life has its purpose, mine is to prepare the way for Him. Even if it cost me everything" -John The Baptist
Interesting - #IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight - assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
I hate you
Damn....#askScandal Cyrus to can take out psychic ms. Cleo
Holy shit! That song is from 2005. I knew it was an old favorite, but I'm surprised that it's been hanging around for 7 years now.
I was with him! We were probably yelling about life and frightened you off.
rise and shine..
Did you know? Goodyear Rubber Company researched and concluded that shoes wear out faster on the right foot than the left! (ok?!)
Rainy day with the little ones, about to watch some classic Disney movies
If you REALLY want to support Fair Trade, please do it ALL the way. You can't own every Apple gadget and insist on buying Fair Trade Coffee!
good luck with your revival! i'll be there in spirit.
Witnessing the Great Gravy Shortage at Hudson's on P'tree.
What's processing in skulls as eyes stare and swap places?
Deadline time! Looks like I will be getting little to no sleep tonight!!
#thatawkwardmoment when your watching the news and they say twinkies are going extinct.
great team win my man! keep working hard and keep shooting the basketball like we all know you can
Are you guys planning on coming to Chicago?PLEASE ANSWER.Me and my friend want to see you guys again D;
Before finals start getting you down, you should come to one of our 12 locations on campus and check out a cd, dvd, or even, gasp, a book :)
#808Pride god made dirt dirt dont heart put in that trixs food and make it work
We can't access usage logs, so as with all our research we do have to rely on people's self-reported behaviors (1 of 2)
Chilling with house watching the game..
'Walk' will be on my IPod before my next run! fighters
ah feel like going home
fuck you bella
IT guys at my work drop heat and talk on their phones, in a foriegn language, at the same time
What was the one issue? I am getting one on Thursday.
but ye, in all serious tho, hate boys
Going to bed so tired.
what happened
Be back later all. Gotta goto gram's for din and watch 24.
Moving back to the summer home like proper aristocrats. The summer session begins Monday at Red Dot. 7pm start with the usual accoutrements
I want it to generate tweet automatically based on the tone of my icon...
Wait, yoga tomorrow??? Did you mean Friday or are you really going tomorrow? Thurs is Dean's class, right?
they are in my BFs neighborhood. I just hope they air it since it ends next week
RT : everything on the internet was created by someone, even animated gifs
thank you mama, love and miss you.
From an alum, thanks 4 the follow!
How do you think the Japanese public would react to very huge sounding, powerful, MELODIC synthesizer music with strong beats?
Hey what do i wear to this beach workout? Goggles, speedo, shin guards?? Talk to me...
Hey beautiful ones
Biden and Justice Kagan have both arrived here at the White House in "Slash" costumes for POTUS' #TheVoiceFinale watch party...
bahahaha yes!!! RT I think I'm gonna have to purchase the iPhone app "Last night....?" just for this weekend...yikes!
RT : RT : Q2: WHAT “BABY STEPS” HAVE U TAKEN TO GET UR WHOLE FAMILY ACTIVE & HEALTHY?
I just finished a 10.6 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I never know if I'm outsmarting #activerecord, or if it's outsmarting me.
I feel like i've been neglecting my husband.. I love you babe! <3 (;
yes old one xD buh tambien his gio's ex was fucking talking to yesterday D:
thinks I just heard Bob Uecker say Prince just hit a home run.
City Council approves city manager's recommendation of creating task force to study human rights commission, reduces time to 10 months
Fish and chips are damned good and the bangers were... banging so nice to have real brit food in dc!
Let's see, this should be an interesting nite!
boom box just arrived Looks pretty rad dudes!If u r coming 2 the next #smbsd don't forget 2 bring a bus.card.we r raffling it off
There is a lot of beauty in design that is simple, yet useful. Outcome comes first. All else is only added value.
“: Oh watch out Fancy pants!!!!” hahaha you know it
Okay bye.
I want Believe Tour Dates! And for you to follow me one day....
Perhaps beach on Sat have a lovelyevening and good night sweet dreams
I love playing 'Find Selina and Ross' at ACE shows and then finding out they left w/o saying bye.
did you see the forecastle lineup? Any thoughts about going?
Ha. "Ladders" gave me the first big laugh of the night.
i just caught myself listening to the one direction cd. what has this world come to?
Booked ABC's Primetime TV Show "WHAT WOULD U DO?" filming Wednesday 7/20! Look for me soon!
nigga idc about what Jc tells you while you give him dome.
Be sure to stop by the movie tonight, guys! :-)
in my office watching old episodes of Cheers and Laverne and Shirley
My moms car battery died while she wasn't even using it.
Jancis says she is really enjoying Twitter & she's almost to 100k followers.
Thanks Debra...I get to celebrate for 5 more days? Woo hoooo..lol
RT We have guided missiles and misguided men. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
OMFG THAT MEANS THEY'LL BE IN OR CLOSER TO MY TIMEZONNE where are they landing?
no no mg smh
So what does everyone think of the new NFL Nike uniforms?
I've never been deployed. Lucky ass nigga.
I'll be home the 24th through 29th. Excited to see you, it's been too long!
More #Pinterest research…
The Indianapolis Colts have done it! Super Bowl here we come!!
then you won't have a problem
“Overall, it was excellent!” “Great content!” This year come see what all the fuss is about at www.ebook-summit.com
Showed where me & used to hang out, today at
you are so kind!!! i love you!!! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
If ur man was flirting with ur girl and she tells you, she's trying to protect u. So don't get mad at her! She's knows
California Audit Finds Sex Offenders Living in Homes Licensed for Foster Care ... - Fox News
Hello John, how are you?
my personal twitter feed is getting neglected again because I need to focus on my company feed. No fears I will try to post more regularly!
Love Oher. What will we do about the wide receiver position though???
RT : New survey highlights discrepancy between physician perceptions and use of mobile technology
I don't know what hurts more... my back or my knee
Also this Thursday 10/20, we have our drum faculty Billy Drummond with Joonsam Lee Trio 8pm, 10pm
I'm busy this weekend :/
And those are 12 reasons to love Exo.
Happy Friday! After a long hard week, I hope everyone has a fun, relaxing and safe weekend. What is everyone up to?
Happy Birthday Mr Rickles You wrinkled up baby gorilla
thanks again for the auto. Nevermind the marker!!
salt & freshly ground black pepper to taste.
On my way up to for the LUJE Gil Evans concert! Good luck to LUJE and !
Well, I guess if it was a part of the domain it wopuld've been something like: architectrr :)
Seems like the brightest stars always burn out the fastest. Thanks for the music #WhitneyHouston RIP
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith
Think I'm gonna have an amy winehouse marathon this weekend...
tru dat son...i feel you, im back home lookin for a job for the summer...i hit your phone the other day unless u was busy
I'm just piling on. You have no clue what you're talking about lol
A runner ornament? That's really sweet. Surely Hallmark has a plastic figurine for that. ;)
Swear I was in jail ! Ha , no sweetie not my time [YET] !
gear mailed out today!
I keep hearing loud booming noises outside I'm kinda getting scared
i miss these days
is happy to now have the complete collection of Promethea. It only took me 7 years or so from the time I first read them.
please call us at 305-237-8888 so we can figure out what the issue is.
Looks like the Nook/Kindle battle continues...LoL Anyone sorry they gave up the paper of a real book? I'm worried about that too.
aka "Dirty Sully"
It's no die in my #Sixers!
shut up!!!!!!!! I was playing draw something with u the other day!!!
Gotcha! Thanks Bethany!
I wish I can record the beautiful moments in life with my mind.
yes...Good. she is the head of hyd times
So I got a letter from Kohl's saying I wasn't approved because I didn't have a credit score. Well duh, I'm only 20. #nocreditcards 😒
My next show is this Friday at the Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX, 6-9pm, full band! Woohoo!
kind of catchy, though, isn't it?
NEW BEATLES REMASTERS! THOUGHTS?
clearly, the P100 is a point & shoot Mike, not an SLR
Stop bein nasty.
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
lemme find out that not everyone went in with the #OkeMadness .. smfh
The bobcats are a disgrace to the NBA
Watch they dnt get up for breakfast blk n billy they all full of shit
Crunches or Planks?
If you know anyone in Texas that was hit by the mortgage loan crisis, we can help… www.amcaphomeloans.com
Think of a problem you have, dog drool, stinky shoes, whatever, and invent a product for it, that's how dropbox started.
#captainjake #crocadile #robinhood I AM PETER PAN YOU IDIOT!!!
ahahahahahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 that's hilarious
Funny firefighter. MT : If I weren't married, I'd be praying for a fire at 's house! Just a small one.
Really?!! That's fantastic! How big the plant? I see a conservatory in your future :) And/Or a visit to Florida! :D
Friday treat: chats with crew over pizza re: innovation & #GoodIdeas! Video to follow on Monday :)
Facebook is buying Instagram? UGH FB just go away
Any video converter with videos from youtube. hahaha
Trapped In My Mind....
Can someone pls tell me where to be and what to do for #SXSW b/c I'm really not equipped for this. If you need me, I'll be
Who owns the learning? Rarely do students own, direct, lead learning. Great schools, students own the learning. Alan November
Had to look that up. Had them before but I didn't know what they were called. Sure they aren't authentic WA Alfajores? :)
feel really grateful to have seen that in person
we blew it on fourth down defense, ramos lets the ball hit him on kickoff smh...
sounds good!
Thanks for the blog tweet! I hope the move has gone smoothly for you. :)
Need to draft or trade for a 2nd WR as well. Deep a TE and may be able to deal Mario Williams.
Happy Birthday I will get you some Camel Crushes next month.
WI GAB strongly advises candidates to not make them prove just how FECkless they really are.
30 minutes of less ^-^
Can't wait to see at our Southeast Regional Meet!
The true definition of stereotype: an accurate measure of just how stupid the human race still is.
Thanks for the shout out.
I can see my suit-case from where I'm sitting at.
I keep hearing from new-ish libs they are having difficulty getting jobs because of not enough "life" experience on top of MLIS.
some google-ing says that dryers that use range outlets are normal for trailers, not too surprising since...
Happy hour with Christal for the THIRD time this week lol
Niggas are about to turn from hipster to hippie right in front of our eyes.
You never replied -_-
Good name!
what gym u go 2?
I 'm grateful that God blesses me in spite of myself
Oh okay, now that you say that, i heard that, just forgot!
Thank you Arielle and you already know I love you and your mom! Lol she's bomb !
Does anyone else get the "Have you seen what this person is saying about you" spam message from random people? It's so annoying.
Why won't Newt Gringrich go away?! He's the guy @ the party who stays too late, keeps going into your fridge for more beer.
Great opportunity with a great company. Searching for a Software Test Engineer ll CRM. Job Description: The primary focus of the...
FOLLOW ME BAILEY IM A BIG #RNGEEZIE ND I VOTE FOR U GUYS EVERYNIGHT <3
happy thanksgiving to you too
Bromance alert 💏 RT : we're always watching the same shit lol
oh it is ==>Head Game Amazing Lmfao
The Brewers are like the CW right now. They love drama.
If u can't support yourself then u need to quit doing the shit.
Watching sponge bob square pants with my nephew mehkai :)
I've got questions. Who's got answers?
We still have some dates in January & February we are booking on the West Coast! Tweet or email us! We want to come to your town!
GETTIN READY FOR A homecoming tonite is going to be a #GRAND nite
I am a longtime Gibson player. This news gives more reason to stick with my 71 Les Paul. You are better than that
Just got my cap and gown. Ahh(:
If you dont aknowledge my precence, I will find you. I will rape. And I will keep the child.
Thanks for spreading the news about the event!
why do weekends go by so fast?!?!
Thanks for sharing Ashraf, we appreciate the love! =)
#aftc12 data, analytics and visualization where social media falls short
Definitely puppy! Although its work, I can't image life w/o my puppy now! I love cable, but my dog loves me back :)
Happy New Year! May you all have a successful and healthy year! $MSMY is the #pennystock on my radar today, watch with me
Sometimes when ya get the wrong order, forgotten about, & are served after those who came in after ya, there's no reason to tip your server.
No regrets IM Blessed To Say! the Old Me Left And Gone Away!
Time to get back at it today! #9RoundMinute? Sounds good to us, we'll have it posted at 12pm!
Sorry, might not see it. IPhone acting up. As Charlie Brown would say, "Rats!" cRT : Can't wait to see it!
True BLOOD RULES!!!
i will..i just need to get all my faith back & not lose hope.
Its YOUR life, so DONT waste YOUR time worrying about how other people live theirs.
from earlier?
Ya'll mother fuckers owe me for all the shit I hook you up with.
I'll take a coffee jelly, too!
For we walk by faith, not by sight 2 Corinthians 5:7 it is very important to speak positivity into life into your life and believe.
We love when our Coopsters take pictures of their favorite plates at Coops! Be sure to mention us when you do :-)
Creativity is “gift” possessed by a lucky few. Right? Wrong. says there's a Steve Jobs or a Bob Dylan inside of all of us.
Wendi! Watch out for provocateurs bearing pies!
Finally made an Instagram. I'm a photographer now, right?
And so ends another Robot vs. Dinosaur sketch revue. Love and Friendship abound.
Haha. Btw, since you work there, can u tell me what happened to Tommy Anders? I loved that guy.
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance.
#budlight waste of money
For great Gelato, stop by Salute Wine bar & Cafe!
I have no energy in my body... I guess I studied too hard lol My brain can't hand all these information plus other info :(
Thanks Zach and please thank the Mrs! RT : Wife and I just voted after work, +2 for !
I know how ya feel like from the tweet
Woohooooo! See you tonight!
it's ok.when android updates you can drop comcast and use your phone as your router.
I saw you guys on Tv !!
-_- fail lmao, let's just order pizza :D
Like a bull in a china shop with a superior attitude. That about sums it up.
The Form misses you also!!Trying to get us up in that area soon!!
If you were not here how would your absence impact the world?
One day left to watch an entire category of Ryan Gosling Movies on Demand!
oh yes Jewels you know it I've been ready since the season started, you Ready? Go Heels
That sounds fun. RT : I. Am. Delirious.
Thanks for the RT ... Kathy's a great agent -- covers the #Verona #Wisconsin area well!
Another day in
Thanks homie! Appreciate your support. Wow though... I need to be in a ice bath for life.
. But to what extent? We dont even know how far apart they are.
I go to sleep thinking of what I'm gonna get done tomorrow you go to sleep think bout what u didn't do today
umm , why haven't I met these handsome southern gents? Have fun today! Much love from FL!
Currently on-site at administering the webcast of the "2010 State of the In-House Counsel".
they're fesity and we help you get it for free ;)
In the halftime montage about the rivalry... "A&M leads the nation in inferiority complex." I couldn't have said it better myself.
welcome to my world....
has been eating cheese like a maniac. I just can't get enough. What does this mean?
it's funny because it's true RT : ROBO-LOBO!
I'm having a #Dilbert-esque moment.
": I believe that baseball pants to girls is the equivalent to yoga pants to guys. #cleatchaser" go get'er tiger
Who knew an "apple" would cost so much lol
“: #336. When you have to hit around two giants #volleyballproblems”
Street Roots awarded Community Service Award for outstanding achievement and service to Portland’s elderly, homeless and poor.
Thank you for the #FF shoutout!
Back to sleep I go nothing to do
Congratulations, you are truly blessed. This is the magic that is in this world.
It really just hit me that Desperate Housewives is over.... My Sunday nights will never be the same 
So disappointed in myself.
nation wide is on your side...
what it look like drop....i'm in da build'n..
Trunks opened.
I'm so sorry for the delay. Been sick as a dog out of the office. How can we help?
Hello all.!..I have been absent and I've been going to school..Been very busy. Time to get a few posts in..Enjoy
Can any #Hawks fan explain why their team sucks so much? You guys have Hortford back. What's up?
Okay so Touch just got really intense!!
Wanted, #CAPS #certified #OT, #Interiordesigner to work with #AIP clients. Contact or reply to this message. Cheers
i know right
your fate is inextricably bound:) Im so proud of you
how lol :P ugh I don't want to do my hw and study but I have to raise my grades up to get tickets shit
Ad in Talking Stick pg 29 looks great!
Another rainy winter day in Boston. Where is the snow??!?
//Why don't #NFL #stadiums carry #wifi like #Airports do? Seems like a cheap upgrade w/ high upside to in #game experience.
long distance. so i'm thinking,does it really works?
Diggy's having a signing at the Palisades!! I wanna go so bad!!!
lol I wish
Still MISSING HIM
OHMYGODD I KNOWWW! HE IS A BEAUTIFUL BOY
chicken is forever the best taco bell quesadilla. I'm at work so I'll have to argue with you later!
blah blah blah.
the house you are by is on Franklin place just off of Hamilton. I love when I run into that sign
please check out homelessdogmusic.com all money will go to death row dogs
joke all u want, this is not the time to mock the bulls.
...and how culture of assessment will require us to prove our value and be needed for new scholarship.
I wanna get my nipples done this weekend and I need to go in there blowed so I can be calm ... Know how I am with needles
Happy Mom's Day to all you mothers...I hope you golfed, rode your Harley and drank wine like my Mom did. Love you
;o o. lmao
Six hours to get ready? Damn.
you are lucky I wish I could get a follow/tweet from James
I like the way I feel when he looks at me. Like I want to believe in myself.
yeah, I gave up facebook. If it gets dicey, one of us needs to do the old "How 'bout that Mario Williams signing?"
ill keep that in the back of my mind. (dick of death). Well, he should be here any moment now. C2C FTW!
I don't know. She just got to work so hopefully she will =/
Grab a Banana Walnut muffin with an iced Blueberry Rooibos tea on the way to work today.
I was going to say 2001.
Hey!!! I call no swoops
We concur! RT Isn't this just the picture of summer! Our featured in White Sangria! Delicious
#GoTribe It's a bummer we don't get to see Lonnie Chisenhall play yet.
True... does seem to have himself a lot of
yes, but if you lose the ball in your own half, that much closer for counter
Is Javy Guerra the new Jonathan Broxton for the Dodgers?
is coughing... too much rain on saturday night?
GREAT idea, thanks!!
Coffee can jump start your mind...but not your body.
In the same way, let your good deeds shine out for all to see, so that everyone will praise your heavenly father. Matthew 5:16
I see young journalists who if they knew the finished product would be something they cld use, would do more tutorials
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
Did you see the story on the #ClassenCrawl tonight on Fox 25?
follow they are so DOPE !!!! Holdin it down for the Bay
#pacernation about to get this win! Let's do it! 🏀🏀🏀
I am not drinking my coffee fast enough.
I know a lot of people who could ;-)
Morning walk to work.
The TNT halftime show is awkward. Having Kenny Smith stand in front of a giant arch of a TV screen, explaining a pick n roll... Sucks.
Murphy: Chapbook publishing is about stamina and how much money you're willing to spend.
Yad Lachim has been rescuing Jewish girls trapped in Arab majority towns in Israel, after getting involved with Arab men and moved away.
Ok what happens when a guy gets all arts degrees and then gets a job working in finance?
I'd be okay with dying right now
! Looking for 1-3 volunteers to help create visual representation of our works on Pinterest. Ping me for details, &please RT.
Just left the gym... Feeling Big shi.. Lol!
Who even knows how these computer things work? I just click the buttons. Also, because I mess you!
I'm excited. I've taught people to knit socks one-on-one for friendship, but not professionally to multiple people.
I think I'd like the new Fun. album more if it relied on autotune much less. Catchy tunes, though.
Fresh batch of March Happenings magazines now available here at your library!
Imagine if they gave you more than like 6 pieces in a Scooby-Doo fruit snack package. We'd have nothin to complain about in life
lol you should i told you them females crazy to let you stay solo out here
RT : RT : I think vegas skipped spring and went straight to that summer heat.
On the hunt for a narrator for our film. Topping our list is Sean Penn. Anyone out there know him personally?
it's fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite!
thank you everyone that tuned in !!!!
Wake up with 20 new texts...find out they're all from Twitter.
Ewwww.... She Bald Head
After yrs of being nice 2 idiots & taking them step/by/step holding their adult baby hands; showing them their stupidity, they perpetuate it
Cantwell gets in team fight with La Salle, both are disqualified from playoffs. Verb is IN as the 4th place team.call durk
What do you do when something can't possibly be any more awesome? You light it on fire and watch it burn.
Broses. Ride and stuff tonight?
Squamous cell carcinoma is a form of lung cancer that begins in?
i got to go amanda see ya tomorow ok.bye
L'Shanah Tovah to all our friends celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Many years to all of you.
I had a mini heart attack when I saw Austin's new pictures♥
Jus got off work. Gotta go get my laptop. Do laundry. Go grocery shopping. Cook. Clean my room. & do my homework.. this is too much!!!!!!
I was thinking more like 2am or 3am lol. One of those legendary games that you tell your kids about. Oh well...
Met Shane from today. How many people would like to see them play 's benefit show in october?
": I just lost tic tac toe to a 7 year old . Twice . Lol wtf" just say you let him win, then its not that bad lol
Do I CARE??
Yay, more frequent flyer miles. Boo, more flights.
Shamrock Stumble is 58 Days Away!!!.......Get to Zen Den Saturday night for my last night there. Cheers
Free like you make me 🎶
#uCantBeToughAndSay that you're a Justin Bieber fan.
Is your honey do list to long ? Call Mr.D's we'll help you finish all those pesky tasks before the holidays,and your house we'll look great.
i love you som much i am so proud of you !!!!!!:) follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
First 6 minutes of the game was so deceiving
A small bird keeps trying to peck its way through the office window. Worms are greener?
Norah Jones. new album. yep.
You're welcome, David; hope it was a big success! All is well, thank you! Hope you're having a great week!
Congrats on the well-deserved promotion!
Snow Man Get Your Hands Up High Its Your Boy Mr. 17.5
Thats cool how u been??
Give me a break. $1 million vs. $25 million? Just Bob Perry and Diane Hendricks gave Scooter more than Barrett raised.
m pillsbury dough sounds so fluffy and delicious!
If the fish was alive I can see the point. But even as a vegetarian, this seems ridiculous!
#IWishYouKnew how I felt. I hope you get a taste of your own medicine soon.
On Android with IM+
“: I hate Shane Victorino.” exactly what I thought.
Cleaning out the closet day. Anyone need a hanger? I only have about 1,000!
Everything is funny with enough distance.
RT Those occasional moments that make you miss being in a relationship..
me too
do you model for teen vouge?
$8 Growler Refills at today!
RT This, But Answer too! Commish asks-"What sports team would u buy if u had a $1 Billion Dollar Bill?" We want to hear your acquisition...
Great Fights!! Love this property!
thanx #FF...looking forward to April!!!!
My tummy hurts ...!!
I hear you on that. Had a sick kid on Monday that was really on the mend...drove me nuts!
Dad dubbed pharaohs daughter "Candace" tonight.
The line at the liquor store where I buy my lotto tickets is out the door
I won't even google that. That movie bored me to tears. I walked out humming the audience.
&amp;' My Ass Right In The House
Love like you have never beem hurt <3
A shot of whiskey and an ice cold rainier only $5.25 until 8. Lets's get the weekend started!
And Freedom Fries were invented in Crazytown, USA. RT : French Fries were actually invented in Belgium
whenever I hear that people try to ban Judy Blume books I always feel like someone tried to take away a fav childhood memory
Laws and regulations are incomplete & ambiguous, don't meet NSTIC goals, & vary by jurisdiction and may be incompatible
Hollywood's most absurd movie cross-dressers! Inspired by 'Norbit', 'White Chicks' and the recent 'Jack & Jill'.
Thanks for coming out today, Jodi!
I see you reppin newton on the news haha
Agree, the programme looks great, thanks for the info about the USC coach too, will keep an eye out for them both! Thanks
Never Overlook The Progress Of A Baby Step...Fresh
yeah not cool :/ she loses him every where one time i found him in a store by him self i was mad cuzz the lady didnt care :/
It seems like every time I come home there's a FBI agent standing outside my door waiting for me.
God made you a masterpiece. See yourself strong, healthy, accomplishing your dreams, and living His abundant life!!
Let's Go Yankees!!!!
where are u?
Smh got grown women acting immature as hell -_-
Will legal/judicial principals applicable to traditional #software licensing apply fully to #SaaS subscriptions?
I didn't get in free at lions tigers bears butt hole!
North korea launched.....good job Obama
Andy Samberg...where do you live in this city. We have to go on a date. It just has to happen.
it is getting toasty outside perfect #beachday ft lauderdale
5 year old girl riding bike, helmet had a tiara on top of it
Ladys Follow My True Bro Real Nigga Baby...
I turned my television to the ENCORE channel just in time to see Beyonce kill a bitch in the movie "Obsessed"
I like that. Nothing like some good old human capital.
Aw thanks Meg!
You got that right. :)
You say that Gainesville's got no soul Well that sounds like a good excuse for coming home
I am lucky I am around civil rational people... Life always works out.. Just not always you expected it to..
Best day&#39;s testing&#39; for rookie Vergne
Listening to Melody Gardot, "Who Will Comfort Me"--great JAZZ beat!! Got it free on one of those Starbuck's cards. vSB
#SCANDAL!!!! New show starring It's a must-see! :-)
": In a close race, getting drunk and vomiting beat out baseball for becoming Americas favorite past time."
Quick Gym's Newest location. 4635 Park Vista Blvd Colorado Springs. Hrs 7-5:30. Call for an appointment.
Sorry i'm soo late and lame. But have a Happy Birthday!! ~Cathyxx
seattle!!! see you tonight!
Pat, did they put a GPS in the boomstick for directional kicks??
Wedding Shows - For Better or For Worse?
hi boo how u been
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over? Doughnuts
"I am a woman in process. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull." -Oprah Winfrey
COME ON #NASHVILLE !!!
We help you keep decisions focused within the context of the vision, mission & strategy of the company.
Can y'all tell I'm annoyed
halftime shows are usually pretty lame, it's good to see a real baller out there to give it a little validity
well we will go out there soon enough. :)
I hope all is well with you and yours!
I'll take "things I don't miss about Chambana" for $500, Alex.
yea, i liked his weapon
This year determined a lot of shit, for me.
I wonder... what if facebook bought opera, and made it the facebook browser?
see you soon!
Time for a later dinner....BBL~
They are still planning them out! Will keep everyone posted!
Thx for encouragement :) Appreciate it!
yup....try pinching your self and ull know ;)
Searching reduced to transaction costs: searching, identifying owner, negotiating a license. A system can cut these costs.
Watching MTV world stage Malaysia..I love Bill's new hairstyle!!!♥
Happy Easter everyone
I say, foursquare rocks me a freebie beer at #Aloft during an awesome event! Check n mate!
Dear people against tattoos: It's my life, its my skin. Get over it.
Wine down Wednesday! 50% off all bottles of wine under $99 w the purchase of an entree!
Afterlife tonight for beat the scene show series part 3!!!
I need q smoking buddy rite now
To bed I shall go
I dont gotta work tomorrow! Im so excited I almost dont know what to do with myself!!
No MLB Playoff Expansion for next year
On the way to Denton to a friends graduation.
Finally home
pretty sure i broke my finger today...other then that great day with some great people
Is it genetic to be good looking and skinny for vampires?
yea we need to this friday, do something. U know I need a drink, maybe a few lol.
Thanks will c if I can get it 2 u by christmas!!!
It's official. I have peony envy.
Read a great guest post on stubborn men on my boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Milk shake and fries from Steak & Shake.
CrossFit peeps like them, other people, not so much! :)
Me and moving all these beavy things<<<
kicks off tomorrow in #rva at the be sure to follow for details on results.
This rainy looking weather needs to go away nowww .. I want to watch some cardinal baseball tonight !!
Im sitting on the couch
Being Love!
Uh… that address came back as invalid as well.
Stealing, I should have stayed home and lived it up like him
watching my sisters play #JustDance3 LOL.
Halftime of Jesuit's "Singing in the Rain" musical - is Jessica Wyatt doing her 7th inning stretch?
Anyone else out there a Downton Abbey fan? I can't wait for Sunday's premiere!
What did people do during awkward situations in the old days without cell phones to pretend-text?
If you need inspiration for performing your poem, spend 20 minutes watching performance poems on youtube!
Kleptocrats Launching Spring Offensive - American Free Press
bang bang bangbang
im legitimately crying of laughter, oh my god that was the funniest thing i have ever seen
California? That is far:/ but You def have a great chance of meeting BTR, :)
we need to move this project along. Supposedly another 50plus years to complete.
aw the sweet easy feeling of finaly that god awful tooth ripped out of my face. it was hidiously painfull. the dentist was pleasant.
We all have heart just few choose to use it.
Yes that would be a great idea. Now we just need to find the time.
u look absolutely adorable !!
what the HELL were you doing tweeting at 4 am in the morning?! lol
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
haha oh, my sister goes to college in Dayton, so I'm down there all the time!
: now that is back on his feet we need to schedule that #BSF lunch!!
I gotta' feeling Nancy Grace is gonna' go CRAZY real soon!
you have nice teeth
Happy Veterans Day! Thank You for your Service!
Would you like a week of free smoothies and let me tell you about w/ ?
Must remember: RT if you can't change it or fix it or influence it in any way, you have to let it go. Let it go. And breathe
good morning
Ralph Friedgen: "Well, it’s not painful because I watch it for the kids. I could care less about Maryland. I’ve burned my diploma."
I think I can guess who you'd like to light on fire
Wen are u on fire? RT Boozer: "I just missed shots. Some nights are like that. Some nights you’re on fire. Some nights you’re not."
what's your favorite fruit? any that you can't eat? #askjae ....I'm not too late am I ?
Good! It will work out, I'm sure:)
Bold prediction for 2012: an investigation will be conducted, and then the results will be swept under the rug.
Ight I need a Clippers W
Exactly! RT : Never mistake opinion for fact.
Come on Badger fans! Oregon Helmets is trending! What is that about? Rose Bowl! Rose Bowl! Go Badgers! Go Bucky! Go Red! Let's party!
HAIL SOUTHERN!
that last RT is the worst thing i ever retweeted. ever.
Okay, when did parents stop walking with their kids to trick-or-treat on Halloween, only to take up driving behind them in cars?
Thank you! Come over!
Hi Can you follow me back?
now how bout a gme7?
My basically family is coming over later today :D yay I miss them
diagram for modeling a document: concentric circles of "document itself""associated information""genre""social ecology"
looking through on some home furnishing catalog. I.AM.SO.EXCITED! Today will be d day, we sign on e paper which will cost us $$$$$!!!
My seminar class <<<
Just saw walked passed me with some food. It's like clock work up here. #AlwaysGrubbin lol
a good bff would look past it and offer me a beer
6am workout tomorrow morning
i write not so that i can teach you, but rather so that you can learn from yourself.
I tweeted watching Aladdin before if was a TT wut now
My dog has a milk stash :))
oh hay welcome to the twitta world bitch
Morning tweethearts!! So..it's Wednesday! joy of joys..need more coffee..
Congrats Rickie Fowler! Reppin' the 951 today on the tour. Awesome #PGA win!
I never thought I'd say it but #Glee needs to go away!
Sounds awesome! Thx! : We invite u 2 Sparky’s Roadside #BBQ on 204 NE 1st St. Gr8 service & delicious food!
Forecast for Monday Night: Showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain near 100 percent.
Stupid school ): had to miss )):
I suck pretty bad at it
how bout a RT for your biggest fan in Syracuse!!
Hard fought first half. #atlanta_hawks not going down easily in key G6 road situation. #BostonCeltics 47 41 at Half.
": "I AM BEAUTIFUL, NO MATTA WHAT THEY SAY!!!!" -the first piece of bread"
OMG! Why are we married! That song was amazing!! I absolutely love it<3
thank you SO much for the follow!! bringing clean drinking water to the developing world is a great cause, and my passion!
Why would Chicago take off Grazzini? Injury or content with 1-1 tie? Has to be one of them. You don't take him off to try to win.
but but but but theres so many options lol " I got options ahhhoooo" *serves hips ;)
Love me some LTC "I See" on leftover lunch! I think the rain stopped when the song started, seriously!
remember back when i was a twitter newbie? and you taught me the ways of twitter awesomeness?
thanks for reminding me... i almost died!
Steve Novak is
Lets all do what we can to help those who are being attacked by the Queensland floods!
you know you loved TEXAS! Follow us pretty please, darlin'? xoxox
Which will prove more historically significant? The inventiion of the printing press, or its obsolescence?
Really #Newgirl? And you use Beach House's "Take Care"? Glad I have Kleenex.
I would, but I'm stuck in BB5
#ImWeakFor guys who can kiss with passion and intensity!
My TV remote has tiny bits of cheese and peanut butter on the buttons.
Connecting the dots of change - Vernon Morning Star
Chris Parnell is a fucking hoot, glad he's getting paid $$ #nokia lumia 900
#Blago missed his turn into prison again. This is getting funny.
Playing Bad Touch at work. I dont give no fucks
My Name is Antoine. I will be a new transfer student at Morehouse in the fall. Can you show me the ropes around school lmao lol
Some major brands of
I mean, usually New York.
I don't feel so hot
Happy National Bike Month!
What are the cognitive capabilities of the two species?
So tired. Glad to finally be outta the hair salon!
Who knew there were so many web designers, developers and talented people on Twitter? This is definitely the place to be. :)
truck stop south of waco texas, perry country, yikes.
#tornado watching. following james spann. I think it might just miss up to the north. Cuttin it close though.
you know it.. U have less stress today?
TRUTH! My #ufc clients who put work in, between fights, have a much easier time cutting weight & ample energy during the fights!
I cant wait to be one :)
Yeah, apparently Dr.Erotic wants to be my friend or something. My mom always hoped I'd end up with a Dr.
You can still be at a bachelor party and hit the sports book! :)
The Silk Tie likes Bill! thesilktie.com
🎤Making my way downtown walking fast, faces pass and I'm home bound *hums to the beat* 🎤
Thanks for the welcome!
the way shannny is handling playoff suspensions is absolutely embrassing. The is a joke
it's actually the best thing for it. Just make sure you drink lots and lots of water!
..when words fail music speaks?
Trying to nap but being unsuccessful is so annoying. I don't get itt
The Most Powerful Force Is What I Say To Myself and I Believe!
P.S. Visual.ly is GREAT!
need more sleep!!
Watching NASA
Riveting episode! MT“: Tune into NBC for Brian Williams' exclusive intv w Obama & National Security team re Bin Laden raid."
RT Tweeting today from symposium on climate change and human evolution hosted by the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory
you're incredible! Enjoy your Mother's Night :) & your Nook ;)
Man fruity pebbles sound good right now
"Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go." <3
When I was younger I couldn't wait to be older. BUT THIS SHIT IS NOT WHAT I SIGNEND UP FOR
looking for reporters interested in writing about electric car infrastructure.
Happy to be a part of the fest. Thanks for the shout-out, Chris. :-)
ya probably not a good idea to post it on the Internet where everyone can see it.
done! Can't wait!
so so good
Daily Report: RIM Unveils Rough Version of New Phone
Is Bex your real name? It's soo pretty :)
#EliteEight U.C.O.N.N...#Uconn..#Uconn..#UCONN, #JeremyLamb and #KembaWalker amazing performances. Lets get ready for Duke or Zona.
Oh, you're wanting to take me up on that offer?
Dr. Susan Briante's translation of Marosa di Giorgio's "Smoke" is Poem of the Week on England's Oxford Brookes Poetry Centre website....
Wished I lived on the west coast, Packer game at 9:30am, how awesome is that,
Good idea. Spectacle company using tiny almost illegible rubber stamps. Thanks
If I look through my eyes I see defeat. If I look through God's eyes I see victory.
says the environment is one of the most important issues our generation faces and we need to implement new energy policies.
what's you tag?
I have to change that...I can't even look at it anymore.
DO YOU WANT A COOKIE?
Candice Aragon playing Fri & Sat at Fatso's. She has opened for musical greats like Heart, Chris Isaac, Donovan, Lisa Loeb & Michelle Branch
im full af
Aww nice! One of the artists I work with are about to play now - Megan & Liz. Hope you're doing well!!
just looked that up--hmm theater or journo?
You're probably already onto this, but I just started using #Sweave in #Rstudio-- amazing for #R and #LaTeX!
I've been fixing things for almost 7 months now. I spent lots of money on my dream. I just hope everything will be fine.
Funny thing because I hate raisins!
when your parents piss you off over stupid shit!
you and the damn Kings LOL
Hello Kaitlin. Your posts are clever. What would an NHL Trade Deadline prayer be? The Rangers need a "keep team intact" one...
It sure be some Captainsavahoes in the gym...MANE!!!
VCU is not a 12 seed. Terrible seeding but it looks like it will workout okay for them. Unfair matchup for Wichita State.
Tonight at 8pm - modular synth demo by , and video/sound pieces by former no wave artist David Linton
Torrey smith 3 catches in first quarter... For over 100 yards and 3 tds... Hadn't caught a pass this season.
MAKE SURE U LEMME KNO WEN U GET HERE.. I GOT A SUMMER LEAGUE TEAM U CAN PLAY ON TOO
As a former Fed I have a lot of sympathy and a rooting interest in civic innovators like
wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem
What time do you expect Eric Hutchinson to take the stage tonight?
Try again, verb missing. ;)
His name is Austin Mahone. Remember it because you'll be screaming it later <3
84% of Americans believe a woman’s appearance affects whether she's asked to represent her company at outside meetings
Prep swimming: David thriving on small Branson girls team
James hared having that moment
damn straight i will bro, diamonds on your disco stick, for the fookin win!
they pretty as shit
Over this gay ass weather, definitely ready for summer. #HurryUp !
I think twitter is retarded!!
Sounds about right (but I love edgy)! RT : Polished, clean, and crisp, yet not edgy!
Happy day to you and the crew. *hug*
shaved all my hair off today. I'm bald. Not kidding. Feels nice.
um no Rosalina is a love song. But I know! Hahah we could have If That's Not Love :)
With budget cuts, scientists upset, NASA tries to rescue Mars focus with cut-rate 2018 flight
RT : my #Twitter is lookin real corny rite about now
follow my new twitter
I stay skinny only to keep #KD physique
u still mad at me
I had the gallery door open for a nice breeze and now I have flies. #}`@#$%##^?
Rain will diminish overnight. Don't be surprised if some snow mixes in. Temps will be running right at freezing. Sunny and 50 tomorrow.
Gotta go eat
They were great! It was awesome to be surrounded by so many talented people in the industry!
Apologies for the tardiness of our MIAMI WMC photos on ClubDistrict... Our photographer returned very sick so we must wait )=
THANK YOU for the FF! I hope that your weekend isEPIC! XO J
Glad to hear that! Let me know whenever you stop by!
REMINDER! This weekend, we'll be at the Tacoma Remodeling Expo at the Tacoma Convention Center! Today through Sunday!
Rehearsals are officially underway for Show Choir at A.C.T. - San Fran! Whoo-hoo!
definitely agree
I have to stop smoking tho :( im on another job hunt
wats ur num i can call u but only once
RT: RIP Melody......who's Melody?
Terrence Is Too Sexy I Would Marry In A Second !
Our cousin turned 15 in october&all she wanted was a follow back on our shared account (this one)&she still never got it :(
I'd better be on the list.
I will be one of the Zombies infecting the OCCUPY group of NYC today in Bryant PArk!! I will post pics!!
Such would make citation easier, free people from expensive proprietary software, and, I think, contribute to preservation.
Swag swag swag on you i sing at home ops neighbours are angry they are calling the cops? gotta go
The Tin Rum
: ASU, hm? That's my school of choice for next fall. I'll be taking it online. And I dig your merch. Thanks for the follow.
RT : Meth. RT : I can’t wait to cook ________ in my slow cooker.
OH. MY. GOD. Ryan is absolutely murdering the ball out there in San Diego.
People are like seasons, they're bound to change
most def #goodtimes my love <3 your amazing. The best ;) :D
Off to see The Bluest Eye in Santa Monica. Second play I've seen this month- this is a habit I'd like to keep!
"Can I get drunk if I sit in a kiddie pool full of vodka in the sun for an hour?"
Great vacay last week & then fun day celebrating the SB! It's now bedtime so I can get back to my routine which begins w/ early am workout!
“: Studying for my class-- did you know in Australia, Belgium, & Brazil it is compulsory to vote! If you don't you can be fined!
Mental tic: I see Angelica Huston and think, CHER! Just for a moment.
Where are ya looking for an apartment in Chicago? Test us - I'll bet you we can help! ;)
2013 cobra only 75 Grand I will bring cash 😊
I have an idea! You send Temara here, then Temara, Shawty, & Caitlin can smuggle me into LA! :]
With some clearing...many of us start below freezing & there are bound to be some slick spots. will track it early on!
Will there be afternoon tea in Peacock Alley this summer, or does that end sometime this month?
I just laughed at the caps for picking him up after watching him in FL last season... I tried SO hard to like him, but god.
is that a high end model?
Yeah, I'm watching my DVR-ed Ellen DeGeneres because #EmmaStone is on. So what?!
Fuck it!! I do what I want.
Problem with your car? don't want to keep fixing your car?We Buy #Brokencars Or #MechanicalProblemscars!Free Quotes!www.fastcash4carsnow.com
Donald Driver has the moves!
and killed it tonight in Chicago! Great job guys!
Agreed...Lynn B. will milk about half a dozen incredible stories out of this.
The older couple's duet on #XFactor last night was hysterical
Check out our pal James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia #documentary Official selection of 2012
Believe and you shall receive.
I just wanna go home.
agreed, it is a sad thing.
ain't that the truth
LOS ANGELES Independence Day 2011 festivities will include the Mr. & Ms. Muscle Beach Bodybuilding, Figure, and Bikini contest on Monday
They only overlap modestly. I'd probably get a lot out of attending yours.
Congrats to the on opening your new wing! Can't wait to visit!
*cuts down shrubbery* Here he is guys! Happy Bday to 1 of the funniest comedians w/ 1 of the worst taste buds
Facebook finna be for the KIDS smh watch lol
Well, here we go into 2012. Let's all make it a year to remember with JOY, LOVE, and PEACE.
And food delivery :) RT : The #brewers are doing awesome. Great night for baseball and burgers.
Do you know when your panel is going to get started on CSPAN? Let me know if you can, thanks!
Somebody order a few more Trevor Hoffmans. We don't have enough of them.
U-Swirl of the day: Reeses Peanut Butter Yogurt with chocolate chips, peanuts, and Magic Hard Shell.
Got to play with a baby duck in study hall<333
Rain sounds so nice
Saw that too! They stopped to let me cross in front of them. Perhaps that was foolish on my part????
Happy St. Paddy's Day weekend! What's your favorite watering hole for grabbing a green beer or any beer for that matter?
Thinking why I am up and not sleeping. Its so quiet dark n peaceful at early dawn..
RT #Virgo females have the best muffins. You cant help but lick'em!
Last week's online voting winners: Mrs. PA Int'l-Kimberly McLendon, Miss Haiti Int'l-Hermanie Pierre & Miss Teen NV Int'l-Courtney Critz!
A friend is starting a clothing line and looking for a web designer. Do you have examples of work? Happy to connect you.
#amwriting have found the courage to get back on the #queries horse. so grateful for the inspiration & support of fellow (& sister) writers!
Girl! I didn't know you had a twitter!
awesome! glad to hear it =] I've been good too, just super busy!
Just spilled water on 's iPad, new book, and my immigration paperwork. Mondays are always a bitch.
Literary fiction, and 7000 word limit.
#BuildYourFans - If you are not cut out to build a fan based, then find someone, a manager, handler, etc. who can. Invest in YOURSELF!
current IPA on tap is Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA (replaced Port Wipeout) and Extra IPA.
Chelsea Dagger's playing.
Getting ready to start final wkshop with ! Hold on folks! It's like warp speed when he speaks!! So much great stuff coming FAST!
NO YOU'RE LIKE 54.
Ah! Thanks for the info! Sorry to hear people are doing that! But happy it wasn't a clue!
I fully expect a torrential downpour in roughly 15 seconds.
yes!! that other app sucks!!! >.<
Yes! Tweaker did open that one.
DUHH are you kidding!! ": so is making me tweet. Are you happy?"
It's demo time! It never ends, does it?
Y'all should follow & get them to 400 followers. They're pretty legit :)
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing our world forever...we will miss u
oops it's Duffys in Plantation! Sorry
just got out of bed and im trying to go through another day, hopefully.
My Pandora is rocking out a healthy mix of Nonpoint, Ill Nino, and Deftones through the stereo. What's on your playlist?
121197-Gorgeous!! Ill ship you with Niall Horan!
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
can I borrow your stem machine? They sell those at target?
beez in the trap
I just started being on twitter lately...
Hey Genesis, hope to see you tonight!
Helped with a friend's paper title—"I Gamified Your Mom and Totally Scored: A Philosophical Investigation of the Ramifications of Gamespace"
Wishing I never did the the electro-optics degree. Shoulda just did normal #optics. Ugh
Hahaha. Obama, The Roots & Jimmy Fallon singing slow jams about keeping student loan rates low...amen to that!
Gov Haslam: Our main problem (regarding education) is cultural.
We will be performing a special show at the Eddyville State Penitentiary on Sunday DEC 18th. We are happy about that.
have i been untwitterblocked by you?
RT No, no. I get it. You can ignore me, but if i ignore you. It's a big deal..
Good news: college grad employment rates are going up in 2012! Bad news: jobs are mostly in agriculture and engineering. Oh well.
What bug sprays do those of your with #sensitive skin and #foodallergies suggest?
My daughter an I LOVE when you guest host Chelsea! We love it even more when you have the animal guy on!!
dry erase markers better
#Fitness 30min interval training weekly can spike your metabolism and improve your health
FB hopes to own all digital photo production and sharing. That's the play. That'd be huge.
Have a good weekend!
is on........ SEE YOU LATER TWEETERS AND FACEBOOKERS!!
louie louie louie louie ah
WATCHING THE SHOW AND I MUST SAY I LOVE YOU GUYS I WISH I COULD MEET YOU AND KOURTNEY AND BABY MASON!!!
Good morning Tweeps! Count ya blessing, hop out of bed and get to the money.... Or school, both are good
Looking forward to talking to and all the guys on radio at 9 p.m. tonight about the MMA Ban. Check it out.
Not gonna cut it Bulls. Where the F is Derrick. Why do I feel like they're not telling us everything there is to know?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 43
My 2nd mailer I talked abt my Colonial Bill I stole from Senator LUCIO (he he he) & then gave to Shapleigh. I have NO colonias in my distrct
Im one, Florida bound!!
are you gonna continue supernatural or do you consider it done? X) haha
"They chromed it and put lights on the bottom so it looks like a spaceship." Lmfaoo oh Justin.
your lucky he follows you.! lol and in the picture you said you won't ask to follow anymore, do you think he'll follow me
Hate when people criticise others when they only know one side of the story!
#iReallyHateWhen people ask stupid questions
Can't sleep for shit. Insomina
But then there was this other dude, the host of the show, not funny.. At all. And this crappy funk band.
Mr Wild, what about Colt McCoy as backup in GB? Thoughts?
Surreal to see #ROC in the background of the piece on #Callahan on
Tie game
Here's to growing up!
Ah, thanks. I'll make the correction.
Just discovered the show Eureka on NetFlix. Work break.
TGIF but first another trip to the data center
ugh, it's making me crazy, especially since I'm trying to get to work by 0600 tomorrow. I'll just have to take a lunch time nap.
Hmm, I guess maybe my computer could have gone to sleep during the 7gb download and screwed it up. Will redownload.
This is really interesting episode of #30Rock...that is all.
Loved that talk !!!!! Thanks!
In the meantime, though, I guess no performing brain surgery for me. ;-)
It amazes me the situation the music industry is in and people still think its 1982. Quit flaunting your excess and remember the artists.
How is it two already? I need to come home before 5am next time maybe...
I second that, no screen shot is no good!
She might be taller than me. I'm 5'3 so don't think the ball alone would be high enough. But very good to know!!
TARHEELS!! ": President Obama attending a fundraising dinner at Vince Carter's home. #vinsanity"
FASHION TIP: 50's inspired clothing is IN -- tailored suits & structured gowns!
We can't help you with the weather, but the city lights are still beautiful even with the rain!
Finally cold enough to break out my new Miami hoodie... Thanks, !
tip-noodles, spaghetti and other starches won't boil over if you rub
FRIENDS 1 of 10: Friends are like walls, they’re always there when you need something to lean on, ok now I'm fall like the DOMINO EFFECT =p
I ♥ you more than bacon. Happy Valentine's Day!
We were just jamming out to an oldie but goodie, and wondering how many songs do you think the average person has memorized?
oh I don't remember that
Just learned another coworker from my old job died this AM. Hoping this is the last in a long line of such things for a while!
I won't I promise ;-)
You can't train the jerk out of someone, but I do understand the point of it
Sounds... Who knew?
I've know a lot of sociopaths and one full-blown psychopath that actually killed people. But to get that story you have to buy me a drink.
We about to hybridize our P-orbitals.
NL Central champs baby!
sorry for the graphic description.
Yeah xD , girl do you have #FB ?
well I wouldn't necessarily call my grandmothers home which is a senior citizens home the "trap" lol its decent over here tho
People who like that are why the Kardashians are famous.
If you'd read a kid a fairy tale about a princess meeting her prince, that kid is old enough to know that LGBT people exist.
#superbowl party at a friend in pembroke pines. Go Pierre Paul
RT : RT : ❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Busy Tweeting :D
Stewart is up front about what he does. Daisey only admitted to changing things after being called out; then he admitted to lies
Here to change the game!
um,,, really..? id rather beat my head into a wall..
We are at 176 likes!!! WOOHOO! The 200th like gets a FREE copy of "Children's Songs for Therapy"! And.....go!
I dont want converse . Why ?. I hate them ;(
And the invasion of college graduation lunches/dinners in the north end has begun
Forgiving student loan debt won't solve the problem. Students make a choice either way. Rather, we should focus upon systemic changes
On a related note, anyone near UCLA or in Santa Monica (or NoHo) have a lab coat I can snag real quick?
Can I get a RT for taking down 2 value meals from Culvers on my drive back from Indy today? ----> Yes, please explain the order.
"I did it" did what? "did it on it"
$50 coupon from Men's Warehouse, yes please!
Shiznit! The temp went up by 15 degrees in the last two hours. Hot and humid now, boo 8(
Checking out
No one guessed 79 in #GuessAnumber! 2 closest Tweeps were and They each get a free 7" cheesecake! THX for playing!
You should have recd the #mlanet12 confirm email w/badge # almost instantly after reg, check spam folder?
All you Beautiful Women have been in Hibernation! You looking real good Far Rock!
No Bopper and Mark :'(
you better!
They're all probably in the nosebleeds. Too poor for club level.
please stop making us listen to Jay Feely
Gibson has an anger problem, Octo-mom is open to porn and John Edwards lied...duh!
made my day!
will you jam with me? We could write some hot tunes
unless the name is in the Bible lol
I'm gonna miss sleeping in on tuesday ):
Hicks: Bieber writes song about accuser
Goodreads says that I am 9 books behind on my goal. I guess I know what I am doing with my four day weekend next week.
Ya'll suck. I got a B+!!! Those coveralls were A material people A MATERIAL!
I'm at a bar on South Street called Woolly depressed about the Phillies :(
We're looking for a freelance designer over the next couple of days for some environmental & POS mock-ups. Email
that is the first tweet ever out of the mouth of kyle iboshi. he's all growns up
"The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action." - Madame de Stael
idk should I
Say No More !
that's why for breakfast it's One can of WhoopASS. a slice of humble pie... :)
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
y'all some corny motherfuckers lol
Stake ,string beans &white potatoes, corn on the and garlic bread
Go 'head with your bad self. Lol <.<
Why the fuck can't I sleep!?
You're joking RT : This nigga said 'what's trap or die' -_-
Steve and are at the Euclid Tavern in CLE all nite for comedy then Karaoke! Come have some fun! Caricatures tonite too
Deerhoof... You did it again. Wtf?:)
OHIO 4 teams in the Sweet 16. 2 here locally in Cinti!
Tonight- Boulder S'Wedge - CRITICAL THEORY - Hip-hop - 8PM
RT : Reviewers should be cultivated and have guidelines based on the nature of the specific communities. J.Bardzell
Out with the old and in with the new.
Home sales are increasing in price as the economy is showing increasing signs of improving.
OMFG Y U GOTTA BE SO CUTE. AUGH I HATE YOU.
I'm well you?
thanks for the follow. Appreciate it. =)
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Weird to think that a year and a half of wedding planning will soon be over.
I fuckin said it. I burned a bridge. I dont regret it
There are places that I've visited (and spent money in) because of #Giro coverage, a beautiful aerial shot or two.
I guess the Bullies wanted to save the last dance for Pittsburgh on their home ice. SMH
Working the casino 2-10 I hope I make lots of money!! I'm so excited!
gotta keep this in mind!! ": Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions."
I miss you too mwah
I have no one to impress anyways...
Can anyone confirm whether #VMware SRM5 is compatible with vCenter Server 5.0 Foundation Edition?
I have been craving whole wheat pancakes all night!!!
WOW!! my dryer is so LOUD!!...
GOOD YOU ? :D
Ugh ! I been doing good since i got here too
GUESS WHO I'M WRITING IN THIS YEAR.
RT "Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." - Scott Adams
Great meeting you today! Hope you have a good time in Miami
For you babe Being very organized, #Virgos bring order in their lover’s life.
Fitness consultation at #FFC involved more consultation than fitness. But leads up to first ever personal training session on Thursday.
When are you coming to DC?! Why do you hate my city....
Got contacted from another company looks like I'm doing another show may 18th stay posted for details
haha, yeah, at least since the Rudy Johnson days
doctors came right in, said he most likely won't win
At an IASummit (2009?), Christina Wodtke said that IA/UX was a dead. A good creative designs experience by default. via
new and exciting community offerings coming to mile high heels, inc. are you on board? have you friended us yet on fb?
So excited for GARY HALL, JR & GAIL DEVERS on being inducted into the US Olympic Hall Of Fame! Fingers crossed Jenny Thompson will call soon
I was irritated a long time ago with yours.
Good Luck!
It's 4:30 am and I cant sleep. Catching up on twitter. I abandoned this account for too long.
- now #4 in the world and the top-ranked American in the world. Amazing to think where he was 4 years ago.
Sounds like we have some GSM interference on the mics
RT : Everyone is fucking annoying. Hope they all get in a bus for a trip and it catches fire.
Thanks for the recco : ) - following & looking forward to keeping up with what's happening Great stuff.
Tomorrow is going to be a long ass day, gonna literally run around town
Back in Connecticut.
Tweet tweet tweet.
Eff the giants
Blah :P fun day.No,AMAZING day(: well was.Haha (:
no wrong just picked perry
Not terribly impressed with Twitter location app. Lists me as being in two different places at the same time. BILOCATION PERFECTED!
": "Morn'ting sistergirl" RT : Good morning to all tweeters"what's new in divine apparel
This is the most amazing day I have ever experienced...
tweet me if you want a shoutout(:
Yo poker on Saturday at Gary's $10 buy-in. Interested?
Going to the movies
Ebadi: we can be muslims and respect human rights. The feminist movement is the strongest movement in Middle East
Bidding on a home without getting prequalified is a common mistake that homebuyers often make.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. great movie
she looks beautiful. Hope it's fun! Oh the memories :)
Great interview on today.
Today I stood in front of the IRS building and just flipped them off
Happy Mother's Day!
Celine Dion joins Ricky Martin and in American Cancer Society #causemarketing campaign
working here for me, but there are a lot of starts and stops.
Instagram - Turning every lightbulb into tungsten
this Monday? Sure...I'll stick around.
Black, square-jagged patch hanging flat in the sky: Stealth bomber circles Nellis.
? -> why is ole miss in a chick-fil-a kickoff game? really, why?
Williamsburg+wine tweeting
Morning wood. ^_^
follow she will follow u back
Its about time school ended.
We're looking for an entry level analyst in San Fran for the Pub group. Reach out if you're an Excel wizard!
its all over me not liking lisa ignoring me.
“Those who can’t do, consult. Those who can’t consult, teach. Those who can’t teach, teach gym.” Which one are you??
“: Not sure what the hell is in "Chick Fila sauce" but it's the greatest condiment of all time Zebra semen and BBQ sauce
prolly gonna be still down there, whats up
All the way!
Aww thx Katina! I'll be shopping instead of from now on too!
Derek Bailey's bk (quite old now) has chpt on Baroque/classical improv. He also did a TV series, interview R. Levin.
did it
we love to hear this! thanks for the support!
I missed your SXSW talk Building a Digital Agency: Dream to Reality - do you have it available on Slide Share or anywhere else? thnx!
And I keep running in circles :)
Oh, noesssss. We got some Gloadssssss.
Hmm interesting.. How would you do that?
Thanks for the RT. Hope to meet you at the expo!
Okay, it was just us then. It wasnt even going to FB. Thanks for the link.
lets get on that egyptian HOOKAH
Someone tell that the same people that follow him also follow Melo. We don't need him to retweet that on our TL
Hey Lauren does jacob have twitter?
Just how in the world did Oregon win its first two Pac-10 road games this year? Getting drilled in Berkeley tonight, down 27 at the half.
didn't know that you can get A&E in a Minnie Van
How can you tell when a guy with a lisp means business? When he says bithneth.
Thanks for the follow, Jason!
Suddenly, running up the score isn't an issue for the #Falcons anymore.
Thanks for following me - following you back!
Random Fact Of The Day: would be one cool dude to party with
Where all all my twitters at?
#NowPlaying overboard & "i can't swim on my own." <333
Since you're too busy to visit..I'll just skip Long Island next time I'm in NY
i bet it will look fabulous fur_is_dead
Anyone wanna collab hmu I got song in the stash that need a verse.
Another quiet night @ the Santos residence, too bad that Zoey doesn't talk she only barks LOL!!
u a real ass nigga my dude..
aw denise, that ham was just for you - well okay we can share it with the world.
There's always one moment in life when the door opens and lets the future in. -Graham Greene
you drive a hard bargin ;)
Never apologize for your audition. It's time to take responsibility for not only your good auditions but your bad ones.
I'd try them!
Love Agent Holder
Let's not forget CALVIN AND HOBBS!!
also, at some point it makes sense to play Dm7 instead of F in the verses but that's all I've done to improve the melody.
The CATS get it done again! On to the SHIP! One more game and banner number 8 will be hanging from the rafters! C-A-T-S CATS CATS CATS!
Thanks a lot, Jen!!!
Once again, the #Packers have to keep picking up guys on defense. They have 7 picks in day 3...keep going Ted!
Some fing loser interrupted my cardio!! Pretending he couldn't get in so I had to open the door!!! He wasn't even in workout attire!!
I ain't tha one working neither stupid
Baseball and Mad Men are back! This is gonna be a great month!
Like this question about the wives...good call, Wolf.
who cn confirm seeing alleged #monkey tweet re: ?
a secret box willing to be opened...
"I am still learning." - Michelangelo
Dark Shadows was a great movie! Must see. Next is Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter.
that cool :)
Yup, I'm actually the author of Deadline. Thanks for the good words.
Defense wants to know how much money government spent on terrorism investigation in alleged Christmas Tree bombing plot. Judge denied
We are coming for you! RT : #oldstyleopener bout to set off!
Should I hand out another chance? Tough question...
The spring concert was perfect ☺
From seeking spiritual enlightenment, to climbing the corporate ladder, the things a person seeks from life usually take effort to achieve.
sorry. domain name not for sale either. best of luck!
If you were thinking about switching electricity providers, what questions would you want the answers to first?
it's only because your bangs were on top of your head. After you put them down, I regretted saying that!
do it!
How does lamb shank and rice sound for dinner?
Angela from GroupVisual.io - I love everything you presented! Especially the home spreadsheet. ( #Adobe Data Viz #breakthroughs)
lol people and they twitter names
at lunch chillinn. And wow way to go
Why were The Beatles such great song writers? One reason: try writing 13 albums of material in 7 years and not come up with a few gems!
ok just realized how that could b taken lol but hopefully you know what I meant
perfecto! See you tonight :)
#allthethings The rest of us can only dream of "Price Parity"
im in college right now, lookin for a job, blah borin stuff really,lol
nope you look Asian
And actually 1 in 3 people that are #HIV positive are between the ages of 13-29
looks like you found it. I'll get back to you before the end of the week.
April Fools?
After practice today, must say the fixings for a new song are coming together nicely.
good!! not out yet, but the process is fun!
#April issue is so #inspiring! It's feeding my
I'm going shopping with my mom :) and listening to 11:11 on repeat! What are you going to do today?
when you don't have that many followers you can't afford to not follow back...heads up I'm bout to unfollow some more ppl
Thanks for making it over to our office last night. Hope to see you next week for the postponed UX + Beer && Code event!
Join us at frogtownarts.com for our official launch party! 9/24 2900 Denby 90031..Stick around and check out some local arts
I'm doing some research around what ad agencies seek in recent college grads. Can you help?
How in the world do you criminalize a miscarriage??? What foolishness is this?!
This day goes to eleven.
hahaa. im in this picture.
in 2012, do not forget to come to Uruguay
PLease follow! It would mean the world to me!
Simac, out campaigning, said she has gotten more thumbs up than middle fingers from drivers today.
Did nothing last night. Probably spend the day cleaning today, I have a very exciting life.
You feeling better?
Ohh. So why are you going to Heritage? To be with Zach orr..?
Can't sleep
love your website and love Faith based films :)
Oops! Lilli (age 23 months) was trying to tell bubbles, but she yelled "BOOBIES"!
Omg there's a black wasp in my house):
Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol! I love him! So whtz up people?;)
Follow us on over to the #adaptivechat with , and
As someone aspiring to transition from ID into UX, your WDX talk affirmed many of my thoughts re: my skill-set. I needed that. Thanks!
When you're honest with me.
or, that should be a question: "wanna go sit in Tenochtitlan & cry?"
HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO WAIT AFTER THE HEARING? I HAVE BEEN IN THE DARK. I AM GOOD AT FILLING OUT FORMS AND I CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER HOW
The lifespan of an effective teacher is extended via the success of his/her students.
hm... I think I need to teach you how to drive faster. I'm a racing instructor, you know.
So I've been up for 1O hours watching The Lying Game .. Omg I love it !
a very short and sweet statement.
shutting my phone off. can't deal with this shit anymore.
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk first the shirt comes off, then the pants. before you know Im naked doing helicopters in the front yard
are you gonna try and win too?:)
all.the.time.
My phone is at 12% I refuse to leave this couch
enjoying a day off
proud 2know u
Car crash at Raymond Road near Tawhee Drive now a fatal. MPD confirms a Madison man in his 40s - the only person in the car - has died.
Today is Free Coffee Friday, No purchase required. Have a great day! :-)
"Hey everyone, come see how good I look!"
got ya! I'm going Friday night! Let me know if you go! :-)
that picture sure brings back memories. Good old BHMS.
via many people, the gallery of photos is really marvelous. (With surprise guest star, Edgar Allen Poe.)
And not just suits. They need to be bad ass suits.
D: omg wheere when and ah.
STRICTLY BUSINESS WEDNESDAYS AT MAJOR LEAGUES ... the mingle n networking event u dont wanna miss!!!
not really. I'm just happy I'm not working Saturday night..;)
Markieff's posterization of Blake Griffin
You'll never catch up to
Studying for AP tests > homework these next 2 weeks.
Bones jones :)
I'm good :) and you?
The question that is on everyone's mind....WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH THE MEGA MILLIONS JACKPOT of $540 million?
#tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song
Doing a couple of stretches and saying " I went to the gym" is not going to get you in shape people..eat healthy-cut out sugar, lift weights
i appreciate all the bday love...thank you.
so cruel
ur performance was amazing i loved it :)
now all is left is basketball tomorrow .
Aw Okay(:
You. Girl. You right there. You look like you like this shit.
All Out, All Game, All Season
White Nixon on my left wrist!
Happy Sunday tweeters! We have #jewelers on site 7 days a week so come by #Paradise Valley Mall today!
Music Up, Lights Down, Headphones In, Tuning the World Out...
do u like the candian hats??
Free time, time to finally listen to DC2
I thought you knew him! He's a legend.
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions.
I remember when Desperate Housewives was supposed to be a murder mystery show.
What am i supossed to do when the best part of me was always you.
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have. Trust him and everything will always turn out fine.
Cruel intentions soundtrack is just on point
suck my dick you whores ;)!
s/o to my brain for doing so bad on my act.
im gonna try. I'll try to come backstage if possible.
Nice :-D! See ya soon!
Weekend fire in Crystal now believed to be arson
Red Hot Chili Peppers top Lollapalooza lineup
Can't see Eagles investing big $$ at this point in O-Line (Kalil), RB (T-Rich) or WR (Blackmon). Already heavily invested in those positions
sleep well MCA! you were an inspiration!
Geeze just realized a lot of my friends aren't single.. And why am I still single
Me!! ;-) RT you know who looks good at 50+?
happy kwanza and my friend was like what and he said idk if shes jewish and we laughed. hes so funny
very much so
coffee date? Spill it!!!
that's a good rebuttal... I think you are 0 - 3 :)
You've got to be the worst liar ever. LOL. Nofuckingjoke. But hey. Suit yourself. There's a special place in hell for you. (:
RT "Mom, mom, mom, mommy, mommy, mommy, mother, mother, mother, louis, louis, louis, mama, mama, mama" "WHAT!?!" "Hi" hehe :D
#ComicConEpisodeIVAFansHope sitting next to the biggest geek in the room, James Faust.
Hanging - psyched to hear about the value of the
I think authoring a book is a necessity for anyone who wants to position themselves as an expert in their field.
Hunger = higher rates of disease = reduced work & school attendance = reduced ability to overcome hunger
Voice of the Poor Month-“I am a senior citizen living on social security income, medicare and $17 worth of Food stamps per month.“
Best blown layup ive seen in a while RT : Artest just short armed a break away layup!
Three to fours days to do five days worth of work this week, no sweat!!!!
no way it is better than JD's!!
My running patients, who need orthotics, are treated with orthotics designed by the late great biomechanical pioneer, Dr. Sheldon Langer.
I work for a Beer Company. Why should I have to provide you with; Aprons, Coasters, T-Shirts, Bottle Openers, Glasses, Neons and/or Coolers?
remember we wanted to crowdsource translation at SSA? How about automating for CMS?
#dojo is treating me well these days, so is
Got one of my best friend kitty (: thx Emalie
yeah that's when I learned to never trust ever again
How long has CNBC been a morning news talk show in the afternoon? No more hard business news?
Cankerblossom, TAKES, then Festival Bar
Yeah, I'm sure they make lots of sense to the artists... but I'm left searching for meaningful subject headings. :)
girl...it's over for Teddy
you should work at subway when ur older. Tht way, u can eat subs whenever you want!(: hehee
“There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.” - Phyllis Battome
Thanks for the mention! X
Got the same feeling in Charlotte. However, the boys didn't disappoint.
RT : #Brewers MVP ceremony Sunday for Ryan Braun is at 1:10 p.m. Game will be delayed to 1:25 p.m.
That Adam Mayes guy has it coming for him if he's around here. Well put a boot up his ass, its the American Way.
One last viewing of The Hunger Games this weekend (:
love your work, Juana - just beautiful! See you at #NY12SCBWI (and I want a postcard! :)
Jordan!! <33333 please follow me??? <3 my life will change COMPLETELY!!!!! <333333
THIS SORRY SAP ASS NIGGA THINK HE CAN BEAT ME IN BASKETBALL SMFH NIGGA BETTER KNW BOUT ME
Yes, hopefully the driver is okay but no word yet... But if so, I agree, Cinco de Mayo celebrations start a day early.
Remember when #glee was funny and happy? So sad and serious now..mouth is still agape.
Maybe me and my mom can go shopping tomorrow, celebrate mothers day & my birthday.
I don't beg for followers. All have free will to follow or not follow.
hey, how's everything? There's KONY 2012 video that I'm helping to tell everyone to watch to inspire them to spread the word.
Korean Mexican fusion craze works both ways. Many TexMex spots in #Seoul & even Starbucks has chicken burritos
Can I get a S/O or RT for my Bday please!!!!!
whats your dreams now bro?
Listening to and at 5am =
Miamians can't spread their love over 2 much less 3 mega stars
Besides school, education in life is the best inheritance parents can give their children... DO IT!!
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND
Need Blood Test in Los Angeles? - My Baby Mackenzie&#39;s Life ...
A "Mr. Mow It All"-type nickname isn't in the story, but we can hope!
Bro, im not even watching the game anymore. Someone hit me if my boys win, I can't take it.
feeling the need as well :)
how ur braves???
Thank you, Matt!
Watching the LA Clippers @ Suns while medicated on Larry OG These car fax commercials are terrible!
Dude is jogging backwards...wtf?
I showed one of the music videos to my friend, and he said "The black dude makes this band amazing." #BlackPower!
So true, Xe!
I miss your tan skin your sweet smile so good to me so right....
Closeness between NoTW and police seems to have led to decision not to adequately pursue 2006 & 2009 phone hacking investigations -NYT
Thank you for the well wishes on HIM at the SoHo Playhouse! :*
hows the day? :)
CHRISTIAN BEADLES!<3 Follow back?(:
I still hoop every now and then.. I need to make a trip back to charleston soon
you two crack me up lol
“: Now here goes the so-called fans bashing players. Lol..” It's classless.
#SINCITY #SINCITY #SINCITY #DUBAI #DUBAI #DUBAI LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
Ted Nougat
I met him via social media. I just adored him.
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes..
Nyjer being an asshat. Love that.
damn if I was home I would hella take care of this matter for you! Lol
in the lab recording new single. Team #LOJMG compilation coming soon.
I swear I care about my momma life more than I care about mines!! Just wanna see her stress free & work free.
we are a very special place that inspires creativity
Thank you! Love beautiful Kelowna, BC!
I don't know what it means, but I like it. RT : coffee, whisky, mobile.
who else listened for the line that Cat claimed was "Dirty"? I did! Haha
S/o to #Armyof7 with
Love the #finecraft posts
Nigga Excuse #1: Naw That Wasn't Me Baby, He Just Look Like Me.
Watch The Colbert Report and see vacuuming as with naked girl for our shoot with Project Magazine!
Happy Mothers Day !! God Bless Moms all over the world!!
did a little digging and this seems to be a fairly common problem with recent versions of OSX. Darn, that's not cool.
i'm doing good you lol
I really wanna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles right now lol
boo daylight savings!
dm if u need g list
Great to be there. Good to connect again.
; Going to Athens (not in Greece, its pronounced Ayy-thins) tomorrow ((((((: cant sleep, im so excited. (:
#slaname I'd say my experience varies on "what do you do" altho I guess Im in the minority in that my corp jobs all undstd libr*
"The U.S. electoral system doesn’t reflect the changing views of the population." & why not? Doh! I've been saying this
I'm going to start recording my new single next Tuesday. The meeting today went well and I can't wait to start recording this song!
so....fall da fuck back...he's mine...
Chillin with Mena. I love this weather.
I can tell bro.
what does the message say??????
No sure if I wanna watch & Kourtney take New York... I refuse to support money hungry celebrity's !
Grossest Pc ever.
utilize your search engine RT RT : aisha tyler's pretty funny << never heard of her
Goin to slam heavy ass weights around and get my pump on. #gymtime . Yeah buddy! Planet fitness.
I just made listen to The Final Countdown and other various 80s songs.
Congratulation on your pilot getting an order. Still have the "Hold the roll..." shirt from FASTLANE.
Enjoy! RT : Today I'm going with to see Sondheim's ASSASSINS at thanks to !
All my life I wish I broke mirrors, instead of promises
awesome! It's one of my faves too
hahaha that's awesome! Hope you had fun! Excited to see you in April!!
where are you wanting it??
Developing Knowledge Management &amp; Organisational Learning ...
wen ever u got the time u got a real guy friend
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!
We could have fallen in love... <3
Thanks, Randy--"The Landing" is a wonderful poem. Also, mine recounts one experience while cataloguing Merrill's books.
: Darien PL now locks only iTunes & app stores. Other functionalities open based on parent requests. Flexibility!
This is a crazy situation!
you both are too kind. Thanks.
Garnett on fire. Old ass
follow me!
It's won't be happening basically.
Met game with my biddies and 👍😁
Morning run
What do I want for Lunch...Wallet empty..Lucky Me I spy a Hot pocket under the 4in thick freezer frost...yummy...
Did just say the Courier Journal has a "hard on" for he and Drew Franklin?
#Math and alcohol don't mix. Don't drink and derive. -- From Mathematicians Against Drunk Deriving, or MADD.
thank you.
you didn't need surgery?
Anything going on tonight?
World of Beer Brady Street is coming in June! #MILWAUKEE #CRAFT #BEER LOVERS UNITE! Cheers!
I have no idea what Angry Birds is either, other than its a game. My phone is too ghetto for that kind of stuff.
“: You can't be a player forever man- tyga” cut that r&b shit out
Just two this month. As for time, I am lacking it. And I should be working right now. In fact...
Stay Strong... Thats all you can do right now.
eww how I hate mornings
make sure you get your club site up and running, www.racenation.com is the best tool online for #training and for
Stressed. Finals. You?
#MilwaukeeDictionary Put some smell good on: go to nearest Boston Store or Macys to spray some tester cologne on before going out to club
omg Austin #SAYSOMETHIN is AMAZING I love it! Arghhhh follow me please ily?<3
RT Businesses don't want to worry about customer experience until becomes a sickness threatening its health. Yeah that'll work.
Dreams R dreams but blurry & reality seems 2 B da only motive trying 2 make the best of every bad situation seems 2 B my life story
To clarify, this event Daniel is hosting is at 6pm this evening. Bring artistically and politically minded people!
I don't know,where you're going,,just get your ass back home. :)
I'm Alicia :) Who are you?
that's fair but I think the energy some journalists expend obsessing over tech (and technique) can be better spent on story.
you're the love of my life!
Feeling a little better, or at least dont feel like I'm gonna die today... its been 3 days now, and I have 7 more to go until im off meds :/
: Wurstfest and Bandera's Hunter's BBQ are two of my favs.
"it's like drinking delicious air"
My Eyes Jumping Like Hell
wow the truth can never been hidden forever
Bring me some tomorrow;) ": A damn good day 2 Grill."
hope it gets better. I owe you an email I know. Just got plantar fasciitis and am laid up.
He got escorted out by security. “: Trying to hunt down what happen to crazy #Sixers fan courtside. The #SixthMan is no longer there.”
Listening to co founder of Robbie Vitrano at EDA conference in Albuquerque, NM. Interesting story
Shoutout to Ariel(:
Kick drum solo!
i say we are your friends you'll never be alone again so comon
OMG I actually watched a goal being made live on TV. First time for everything. Go USA!
”It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart - Anonymous
Wish I was going to sleep with tonight 💔😔
Trying to update my version of #nodejs to the latest, and found that ./configure no longer works in
Ohh just saw a recipe for a salad with grilled peaches, a crabcake, candied walnuts and white cheddar cheese. Wayy to much info lol
Unreal!! Haha. Worst part is you picked them too!! Grrr. When is your next one? I will bring Brett. He's 23-2!!
I checked it earlier and it was lovely! Nice work! Thanks!
RT : I use 50% reduced fat Cabot... can b as low 60 cals per oz ": I'm looking 4 a way 2 have quality cheese
yah fer sher. How's your song writing going? We should hook you two together for some lyrical
these late nights are murder. im awake when the rest sleep. im awake when the rest are awake. im pretty much always awake.
Agree on all viewpoints.
Dam! I got ANGER Problems! When im watchin sports!!!!
Good morning. Hope ur having wonderful day. At favorite Negril internet cafe, pecking away. Signal flighty today so working fast. Enjoy! :)
where did you hear that?
You know what gets you people's phone numbers at a bar? A smokin' hot KUOW canvas tote bag slung over your shoulder, that's what.
But Guess Wat I Got Crazy Faith
The more concerned we become over the things we can’t control, the less we will do with the things we can control. Help change
That "storm" was uneventful...lame
Walked out
first workshop today - lots of good ethics talk. glad to be here. Vancouver = amazing
“: The paths of the soul should not be laborious, it should be filled with joy and excitement.”
Tonight was pretty aaammazzinng! (:
gotta stop puttin my phone and keys in the same pocket..
RT Good morning!Have questions about #FinancialAid,#FAFSA or #StudentLoans?Borrower questions /concerns?We'd love2help.Tag:
soaking in the non-discursive olfactory rhetoric of pumpkin-bread-in-the-making
Need at Pho fix?? NOLA Food Delivery just signed up Le Viet Cafe!
We have a Nook (mine) and a Kindle (wife's) and love them, despite digging our heels in against them not long ago.
That's My shit.
I can't wait for my Soulsation CD set to get here. That will be good times
Of course the toliet would overflow and flood the bathroom on the night I babysit.... ugh
Holy awesome! Go roller derby! via BCB Battlestars win the B-Cup tournament!!!!
Good evening.
Good game. You guys made me proud! :)
follow back request.
drunken moment lets
is nerding around Ann Arbor
glad he's not scared to ride it anymore! Ziah may try and race him in her Camero
Fred Couples & Davis Love l won this 4 times in a row as teamates
okay, that's a big frog. Ew. Other than the Kermit, I hate frogs as much asIndiana Jones hates snakes.
#twittertip make sure you know what account ur tweeting from before you hit send. There are worse things than a Caps game to tweet, though
over you
got ready and made it to school in 10 mins!
cool :D
I didn't feel it! What woke me up was the cats freaking out.
My Little Girl- James Harman starting out the day.
On assessment, if the classroom is turned into a numbers game students will play the numbers game without regard to learning.
Sucks to suck RT : Being forced to go to schooo tomorrow......
that is funny... I close my eyes, but nothing happens.
Just saw bridesmaids with and So good, so good.
Like a cross between rabbit and calamari. Weirdest part: saw these up close in Everglades earlier today. Less scary on a plate.
RT Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I shall rescue you, and you will honor Me." (Psalm 50:15 NASB)
You're so cheesey but I totally love it
Go Pack!! Undefeated baby!! LOL!
&#39;If You Can Run A California Household…&#39; | Thousand Oaks CA Mxi ...
Thank you for letting me lol ;o)
You wonder if dentists can still truly enjoy oral sex.
"Dear Followers, I appreciate each one of you!"
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
we're on our way!
glad you like it!
Happy Labor Day weekend! The next likemind Chicago is 9/18 - Facebook invite coming after the weekend
Laptop Speakers: Too quiet for music, too loud for
Thank you!!
My mom is probably going to thank me for doing the dishes and I will gladly take credit...my sister is doing them
just heard an update from colleagues that people living on the streets struggled through Irene "ok." Thankful for that. Now, housing!
Boxing and grappling today. If not now, when? Be worried. This comeback is gonna be on some "Sugar can do THAT?" Stuff.
& already forgot the brand :p lol
Was just reminded of Car Wars on the TI-99. My dad hid it from us so we wouldn't learn to drive a car with a joystick. :)
Yeah I agree it was a terrible decision but if it was just a work & Kharma is gonna crush them in the future, it's all good.
I buy 32 oz. for $16 at Farmer's Market, so you are getting a better deal than I am. How local is yours?
it's a nice little city huh?
This cold is awful.. 😷😪
OH on #NPR Chris Rock: "Anything you could suck at should make you nervous."
yes, according to a presentation I saw today at #hcms12 but I can't prove it. :)
a newly discovered advantage to working for myself. ergonomic desk furniture and pens that work. disadvantage? I had to buy them.
Soccer tournament in columbus, <3
RT I want to have an awesome/crazy/exciting/sexual/drunk/happy summer! Who's in?
Happy to hear it! Keep up the great work!
My turn:
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future...it is something you design for the present
Thanks, workspaces + GOTO Meeting is a good combo; microsoft lync and sharepoint or VMware sliderocket/?octopus? don't cut it
Musing on career choices. I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
just went to Plains Capital Bank and turned in my application and resume!
Thanks for stopping in, hope to see you soon!
: I associate I'm Going Home by Daughtry. It played at the end of the show About Face.
Bob releases a press release on pension reform, check local media
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight....I'm waiting for, waiting for
There is nothing more boring than sitting in a laundromat waiting for sleeping bags to dry.
I feel better now :) no more sore throat
hm, but I don't have a kindle -- my sony and my Nook won't be able to read your book :(
Don’t waste your tears crying over someone who doesn’t even deserve to see you smile.
I am reading the first chapter of your book...HILARIOUS!! Where can I purchase a copy? I love it and I know my kids will too!
RT : When improving marketing effectiveness, resist temptation to simply add to top of funnel. Optimize from bottom up.
im qonna wear the live free shirt on the first day of skool unless ur wearinq it. Do u mind if i wear it on that day??
Step up your game DayQuil
YOU BETTER CALL MAURY! DAT BABY DONT LOOK LIKE ME!!!!!
": Looks like its gonna be a #Libertine kind of night!"..I was thinking that same thing.
check out FFMIC.COM... Financial Freedom Marketing And Investing Company...
oh thts strait
The fact that we are "sure as hell" of things means we are not too optimistic about our eternal life!
men in suites
Yes! We have a number of cases left.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 4632 calories! on 4/4/12 at 8:42 PM
time for single payer.
you mean the library? What was the holdup?
And here I took you for Tom Cruise circa 1986. I had u pegged all wrong!
It's Friday...
Starting to car shop this wkend. Anyone have recommendations on make, model, or reputable sales person?
did the beginning of your sentence interrupt the middle of someone elses again?
Dinner at Madeo. So classy and delicious. LA at its finest
Lizard Lick Towing. Best TV show ever. My cousin once arm wrestled them both for his car back. He's camaro-less now.
I just woke up now.
see, chivalry isn't dead! ;) Your hubs and my bf both.
Hi Pheralyn, hope all is well! I'm exhibiting a video at the Kimmel in April, along w 4 photogs. Opening is Apr. 3, hope to se ya!
have you ever fired someone? <-Kelsey xoxo>
Ouch nettle stings hurt : (.
Who's the little guy? #kubball ROCKK CHALK J'S
Holy crap why didn't anyone let me know Jonathan Groff was back on Glee?
Crazy way to start of the day!
Yeah... What she said! Thanks, Sha! RT Everyone follow !!!! If you like good music...
S.M.V Stanley Clark, Marcu Miller, Victor Wouton collaboration for us Bassaholics check it out! BASS GIANTS!
And I wanted to especially shout out this weekend. If there was ever a promotion I wanted to rise so bad, it's them.
a triumph of perseverance after a lifetime of teeny tiny arms.
So excited to see Beauty and the Beast tonight at the El Capitan!
If the world is all a stage, then I figure I am the guy who throws the tomatoes
Working late on a Friday Night...Keeping #Pittsburgh Computer Users #Virus Free...
Drove through PM and decided to not stop, but yes, quite a pleasant happening 'hood on a summer evening. Tons of folks out.
Couldn't have had a better host! RT : Survived day one of #SXSW ... Starting at 6am tomorrow. That's going to be an early morning.
Dworkin setting out the history of lyricism & its construction as "musical": the prob is, music is no more stable a category than poetry.
Bout to smash on some seafood!
love going into work and having one of the old engineers come up to me and say "hey lunch is on me today lets go to fire and ice"
Chillin at the bar...why are we watching Comedy Central instead of ESPN?
Thinking about everything and bursting into unstoppable tears
Weeks' BA is .066 lower than AmRam's. Weeks' OBP is .003 lower than AmRam's.
been playing poker now for 5 hours. :-)
Get your numbers right its 2012 now
I think I'm 3 or 5 eps from having finished that series. I should really finish it.
Are you on our FB fan page yet? Awesome new contest details coming soon. Like us @ facebook.com/guitstripsguitarstraps1
We were just looking at your photo and thinking of Kinz :)
Word !! > RT : Congrats to for sponsering a ballroom for the New Year's Eve bash. Get your tickets now!
Urgent casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
At The Same Damn Time .
instagram looks so much better on Apple products.
ah, do it! lookin like a fox :D
Zig Ziglar~ You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
RT : Do you realize someone out there doesn't have a name because Ben Jarvus Green-Ellis took so many?
working on the new new.
I had a CSA last summer and it was so much fun to get all these veggies I'd never seen! New adventures in cooking :).
go sniff a rhino ass
I sadly had no Mexican food today.. xD whoops.
I think everyone hopes for the best but expects the worst.
Scarlett did a great job with Black Widow. I want more of that character as well.
You'd Be Nothing Without Me , Duuh (:
Pleez stop crying every week... you are so much better and prettier happy.
Be as radical as reality.
CSU claims "early start" program will not impact admissions or college access, but I'm skeptical.
Professor Xavier thanks you. Lol
Thinking about the people who have so little during this holiday season! Wishing the tide would rise again lifting ALL boats.
too full of pierogie and too wet to scooter on over to #FirstWednesdays. Hope it was cool (and dry). Perhaps an update from ?
Happy 30th birthday to my brother William.
Restaurant week is today through Feb 10..maybe we could do something for that? Thoughts?
Another close to a great day at Back at it bright and early!
Sorry everyone for my depressing tweets..
It's overrated there.
Tired but knt go 2 sleep
Cool. #firstdrafts RT : Love to tweet? Love craft #beer? Then join us TONIGHT 7-8p CST for an online conversation.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
WHERE U LIVE AT
I'll help! Thank You Joan ♥
Embrace who you are, there is no else as unique as you k.
Real classy move by Artest elbowing a guy in the back of the head. And really classy LA fans cheering him .... Disgusting on both ends.
I miss BBRP!
Clear and present danger
Such an amazing episode of #glee!!! Next weeks looks even better too!!
Thank you for inspiring us to change the world!
you must have a horse buggy
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I'm all about accomplishing goals that I set for myself
can't believe you had to miss half the movie :( I'll watch it again!
Hey douches, don't steal a penguins on your drunkin' night out. It isn't funny. You're lucky little Dirk is okay. Douches.
Oh! When is that?
#TAF & I can't goto sleep cause I'm angry and now that I woke up I can't go back to sleep cause I'm sick.
Currently on Yahoo front page: Trayvon Martin, Obamacare...and new bikini rules for Olympic beach volleyball players.
THANKS YOU!!!
Finally made a print of that I'm happy with. Only 1 more to finish & hang before 6pm open of Muse
Didn't know VIP at the zoo actually existed. But I can't lie, it's a pretty nice setup
Great seeing you last night at the Rumble ! You got an amazing pop from the fans !! As you should !!!
You all are the best! 300 Followers!!!
great morning to you!
Mark, I thank you so much!
nope just putting the Benadryl gel on can't do the pills
Had a long month
I haven't talked to Ashten in a few days.....0_o.....
OMG I can't breathe, this guy said I'm gonna be famous one day. Everyone keeps saying that to me. At least it will be because I worked 4 it!
Kate Martin (school board pos. 2) "Their approach to the achievement gap is preposterous."
Fuck yeah. I'm an asshole about where I spend my hard earned cash.
AMC Volunteer Managed Facilities meeting this wkend. This dedicated group of volunteers are leading many of AMC''s quality facilities.
Gloomy in Madison today. On the plus side is still warm enough to kayak, and I won't need sunscreen!
SKINS FEST YOUTH FILM WORKSHOP AT PONCA TRIBE IN OK. JUNE 28TH -JULY 6. Check laskinsfest.com in next days for pics&vid
Hey do you wanna like you know...follow me?(:
damn they don't make them like you no more.
If you've ever wanted some of my pee, today is a good day to ask(nicely).
For the first time in about 3 years, my Bombers t-shirts aren't getting pushed to the front on the "need first" laundry list
Order has been restored to the universe. Giants 29, Jets 14
:( Thanks for sharing it. Hopefully writing about it got you a little closer to being at peace with it.
I created a Buy Now button, it defaults to Qty 1. How do I let my buyers change the quanitity and buy more than one?
About to eat this Church's and Sundae from Checkers.
i know.
{POLL} Which news is more exciting: 1) that today is National Taco Day or 2) the iPhone 4S announcement?
thanks for the love!
i dont wanna go ta work tomorrow
Really? I think it sounds heavenly. And it was delicious. Your not a foodie are you? ;-)
wow! go detroit!!! that sounds ah-mazing.
Outpost for Contemporary Art features artist Eamon Ore-Giron's designs at T-shirt Revival Night, going on RIGHT NOW. Remake your old Ts
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags..No more building sandbags. Light weight easy to handle deploy from storage to disaster area in minutes
Yes, why would the Anthony family put duct tape on a child that had drowned? To make it look like murder??
has done more creative design work in the past week than I have in months. Thanks #dietribes!
My dance card is completely full for the next 9 days
Yeah, I was wondering how CAG and ANC would approach the design elements...
I have never tried Hummus RT : Hummus is so stinkin good on everything
It's the same way running our library page on Facebook. Every…little…thing: unnecessary obstacles!
Yes, June for sure!
I think just working in software certifies you to use "desi" but yes, I'm also mango powered 8) cc
Welcome to - can't wait to have your team at the Transactional LawMeet!
Feel #gorgeous and #confident (even more than you already are!) at #FitBeachBody Workout in t-minus 30!
Here we go off to hold some auditions !!! Bass and drums !!! We're excited !!!
I mean thats nice sept for o wait I dont want to go that nutass school
thanks! All is well except for the lack of giant Weinerschnitzel. ;-)
follow me please? I loved meeting you so much at warped in tampa florida! <3 xoxo
I la juuu =) RT night was so fun 😊😄 never fails! Haa
I will be in boot 4045 tomorrow at SDCC. Come by and meet me.
Hi everyone! Don't forget to add #TalkToTony to your tweets.
Never ending, your glory goes beyond all fame
How can we get married if we're already married? :p
#ILoveMyMother because she been through alot with me && my sis && she has always been there for me thats why I luv her ! :)
cut them off
#HOWTO deal w/ a tech insisting your upload speed will jump from 350k (real) to 5M (advertised) if you use IE & not Firefox:
no she's not here
My maxim for life: I�m responsible for my happiness and you yours
Correction! This director will be getting NO sleep! -JO
“: I imagine their reaction being I this vein: "I'm sorry Tejah, we said orgasm...thats just laughing."” hahaha!!
Ever think "Shit, maybe am working too hard?"
why stress
Thanks for the RT!
Braverman. Sarah, preferably.
"RHP Shaun Marcum went to a chiropractor today and said his neck is much better. Expects to make his next start."
HEY GUYS, give us some ideas for singing & music writing. INSPIRE US. CHEERS. :D
CORRECTION Sunday Social is 830pm. We're dumb early in the AM. Forgive us.... in person by coming to the show! See what we did there?
hey goldie, what is a Papillon??
"Improving all the time, I am improving as I kiss the hem - I promise I won't be a trouble at all." ::sufjan stevens::all for myself::
haha aww!! How are you! When are we all TC? We haven't for a while
I look forward to the cooler Fall Weather What's up though with all the rain? April showers bring May flowers, what does Fall showers bring?
Apparently I'm a coyote trainer now.
extra medium?
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.-Keating
Thanks for the #Followback! RT Following back!!!! Lol. Thanks for following me.
Craziness. Some guy fell through the ice up here a couple days ago. We made it on and off the ice unscathed, however.
I just keep crying. I've never felt so torn up in my life. I know he'll be okay.
Thanks for the glowing recommendation! :) Will investigate the lovely further!
True he's from Canada.
I would write an aubade for ya (funny 'cause it's pronounced OH-BOD).
I-O. I'm a WV transplant. We follow the Buckeyes so we don't get thrown out of town.
Hey , says"point me to an explanation of copyright law and historic photographs?Can I freely use 100 y.o.postcards?"
We think so too! Hope this week is less hectic.
not pretending at all! i was just shocked and amused.
Waiting patiently
that was a beautiful goal
can you please help? Currently in UK. Need to change return ticket - just spent past half hour on hold to no avail.
Who thinks this series goes to a Game 6?
#ArcadeFire with #cyndilauper Girls Just Wanna Have Fun @
To all the boys; the day you tell a girl you like her is the happiest day of her life.
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself. - Robert E. Lee
Cause i like wat i see thats why
Time for trivia #Packers fans! Winner gets the official tshirt of "Green and Gold Today" on ESPN Milwaukee. Follow for details!
yes! Email me: emily at emilylewisdesign dot com
hardly believe you put it all on. Ashamed to say I need to lose 50lbs. Let's be depend-a-bil-a-buddies
How about a win at Wrigley today and a with over the Knicks tonight!
I just want to pay someone to do it for me...so I can finish my website & next post & stop having anxiety. HELP.
God's love is not a shallow love; a love that cost nothing. God's love cost Him the suffering and death of His only Son.
When you choke a Smurf what color does it turn?
I DONT NEED THIS SHIT TODAY.
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.'
you'll appreciate my last tweet
Dude, you aren't picking up your phone!!!
finally done with spanish forever. that final wasn't too horrible, but I am just so happy to be done!! yay! :)
Feeling cooped up living here again... I want to take my stuff, my woman, and hike on out of here!
aww that sucks!
GM Kim did you get your beauty sleep? I think you only need a nap in that dept! E
What's up bro! How's everything?
Dang man I saw him on Sports Science and the power he has is ridiculous
Congrats! Hope family is well!
What a whirlwind this past 2 months have been. Last chemo treatment (& just 3 more radiations) left till recovery.
Wish People would mind there own business!
That's what it's all about!!!
The keys to a successful NFL draft viewing experience if you are a Dolphins fan, by Jordan Geary. #1: Abandon all hope before the first pick
Yes, indeed. Even the burps taste good. Thanks again!
Do you ever wish you lived on a nude beach?
just know that you won't be missed
oh there you are, goofy grin jonald :D
My prayers have been sent to the basketball gods... only two weeks away now from being really rich
Listening to Etta James: The Essential Modern Records Collection (Virgin) "Hey Henry!" "Crazy Feeling". These are a Friday afternoon party!
": So much on your mind that you start to get a headache :( <<<<" calm down hun
On any clock on the wall the time is now!!!
Let's just say their is #voterFraud, how about we start implementing the law in the 2014 election then. Whats the rush. whn there is no prf
Bravo guys! That was rockin!
92% of undergraduates use credit cards to pay for educational expenses and 30% admitted to using their credit cards towards tuition.
They are looking anywhere. Wru now?
Simple C on left chest.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
“We designers, we don’t work in a vacuum. We need business people. We are not the fine artists we are often confused with.. .”
doooohhh!!! Guess my pinchi protien shakes will have to wait..
Cool. Trent Reznor got an Oscar.
Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go, & trust that God has your back & Life is unfolding as it should."
Big Baby just got blocked!!
guess who's gonna be in today's [harbor]...
its was last night somewhere...dont remember
Haha Jamie gonna try to tell Mrs lanyon I'm on drugs... bitch gimme a cup I'll take a piss test right now!
Bucs using all their time. Well, they missed out on Claiborne so who knows who theyll pick
Cleaning up the bathroom jamming
Had an absolutely excellent day.
boy u know u cant rap lol
yay!! in just 15 min. i will be doing the last chapter of my D&A course. :D
": My blood alcohol level is getting dangerously close to zero. Fuck Mondays." Its tuesday dude
Boxing Day treat now on draft - a cask of Three Floyds Zombie Dust!
At one Starbucks in SF, my nickname was Soy Chai Guy. Who me, predictable?
where's the lockout anthem?
When an iPhone dies and when you go to charge it, it takes too long to turn back on! i've been waiting for like an hour now....
pleeaassee follow me :D i <3 you guys x]
My mom just picked me up early from school
playing fire red on my gameboy omg i love it <3
Testing for my red belt today! Then off to work at Hibbetts. Maybe tomorrow I'll have time to make boomerangs =)
Did I really just catch the last 5 mins of #Glitter?!? 😔
love that room. Great times
sensing a bit of a bias against the Aires... that was a ridiculous performance. unlike Afro Blu, they can PERFORM.
Justin's birthday is tomorrow!
I'm predicting Ron Paul will probably win tonight... even tho he didn't win the Iowa Pie Eating Contest earlier today
All of them-whatever the number is-I believe he's gone 4-13 since 06 under 30 seconds RT : how many has he missed?
wine director Jamie McLennan is on his way to Publican to topple a seafood tower. happy birthday!
"I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best." (John Keats)
Wow, that could have been a strip search.
These grass stains on my knees they wont mean a thing
3 projects done in Cambodia, now we have two days of wrapping up, editing and exploring here before heading to the Philippines
I'm for shark fin bans immediately to curb the problem but ultimately more stringent fishing laws
ahahaha you know me so well.
Cheers! RT Shout out to for being named one of the top 5 #sportsbiz handles to follow by
Amy Senser has just entered the court house to hear her verdict.
I've debated changing my computers error message to that. I suspect it'd get irritating quick though.
Did you just say sorry ? lol jk. Hm are you ok ?
Wow, nice tweet :))
I'm getting a lecture on love.
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
no doubt!
Roufusport Legion-Wherever you are tonight we salute you! Thank you for making Roufusport Versus.com's "Top MMA Gym in America."
Heyy! You're the best i love ya!
Looking forward to tonight's concert at 8pm in Paul Hall. We can't believe it's already the last concert of the semester!
Waiting on my babe!
can u plz follow me
Watching the burning plain such an amazing film but so depresing! omg
“: RT : The #Titans have released fullback Quinn Johnson”
#4WordsIDontWantToHear I'm gonna report you as spam well I did not do anything I'm harmless
Been waiting since 4 to watch SVU. The time is now.
Aw, thanks! I am definitely enjoying a warm sunny day today :)
Hi Teresa--Are you doing the Jimmy the Groundhog Facebook page? The event has moved to Cannery Square across from City Hall.
Fuck you YouTube ¬
it's Lisa HJ from One. definitely follow me here, too.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Every time I contemplate upgrading GitM to MT 5.0, I get scared off by the lack of easy mode. "Fresh install" sounds like courting disaster.
wow, state investigs+feds+nfl ALL coming at Saints from just about every angle. seeing a rough season ahead for this powerhouse. #formerly?
long enough to notice yo swollen ass pancake face
I just landed in Dublin. It is so nice how everyone greats their families at the exit. I can't wait to walk trinity and temple bar
thanks! Please repost it if you have a chance. It was so much fun, I want everyone to see it, haha.
Two play auditions last week, two callbacks this week! Haven't heard about the pilot yet...I'd love to go 3 for 3!
NATO intervention on behalf of freedom and human rights was vindicated today.
Danica Patrick wrecked.
haha! thanks for the comment on my camping post. yes, we shall eat like KINGS! :) -lisa
Keep it 💯
I'm a lifelong 49er fan and I just want to let you know that real 49er fans have your back. The sun will shine again bro.
...conforming to the european editions.
You're doing amazing work. I'm so inspired!
thank you darlin! Have a wonderful day!
It's ok to carry a concealed weapon in Wisconsin bars. I wonder if those taking shots are more likely to take shots?
Playing hangman with the kids
For those in the Madtown area, WORT-FM 89.9 (Folk Anarchist) has a good Thanksgiving food show. M, Spam. (& lots of other good stuff!)
yeah.. I've really been getting into more photography lately, I'll have to show you some of my work when I get it uploaded.
View yourself each new day with pride in knowing you are unique, & peace in knowing that you don’t need to be someone you’re not.
#desrist day 1. Evaluating design science research.
I jumped the gun and did it when I woke up this morning. You are welcome to come over and knockout a workout though.
curators say "wow" to direct conversation with audience online. they might feel "hidden" behind publications and educators.
Wow….. can be any more full of herself?
Why is Ricky Martin lip synching on glee
like i said. dedicated gal. honored to follow you:)
I am dissapoint
Finaly got a phone again
I feel like all I do nowadays is work out and do homework
well I'm at the house nigga
Dough Fir is the most thematically appropriate place for a band named Spirit Lake to play. Also, you guys look like badasses.
What rich people say to poor people every day
She want to be hold your there for her she wants to be treat special and told she's the only one she want to be your girl ..8
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61.
this was in my drafts lol which means you never got it.
All I see on Facebook is sluts complaining about other sluts being sluts.
Can I please see you before I leave the country?!
English muffins weren’t invented in England nor French
HAWKS!! Yes
Thank you for the support!
A4. As long as the hotel is walking distance from the beach, I think I can handle it (THINK)
OH: I can only eat pizza standing up.
Hi Donna! You're on twitter! Do you know if my Sarnia cousins are too?
Thanks, Jim. Things pick up in the second half!
Don't forget, today at 2:00 come learn from 's about RSS feeds at Kyle Morrow.
where is she going to?
DATA Act builds a single elec system combining spending info fr/ agencies Treasury & directly fr/ recipients of fed funds cc
PEOPLE SUCK.
Thou shall not kill.
HI!!! HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Curious about the designer behind the graphic identity and card templates for ? Check out the fantastic work of
Thanks for visiting!
Not to interrupt, but I always assumed she was an orphan. Either that or her parents worked a lot.
I found my Garmin HRM to be way off from my Polar one. In HR and calories burned. Not sure why
breakfast @ home on laptop
51 minutes of OT.
When buying your ISE tickets, make sure to use the promo code BLACKDOG for $2 off!
Daily verse ~ “Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.” Psalm 119:165
My brother should really listen to my fashion advice. That bright blue tanktop <<<
You need to post a video clip on here rocking those drums!
I'm sold, is sweet! I'd like some control over how often it saves. I'm an adamant cmd+s'er, and don't want to kill my bandwidth
I really liked I Will Follow. Can't wait to hear what you think.
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
#StonerChicks are the dopest. I love y'all. 😘
We must not let the GOP states take away the voting privilege of one citizen of this country,it is a constitutional right fought and died 4.
Everclear it is!
sorry - i read your comment as sort of an "oh, they're young, they'll learn"
RT : need to measure impact of archives on social justice #aca2010 [academic study w/Wendy Duff developing a methodology
2012 filmwatching! #51. John Carter (Stanton, 2012). I thought this was okay, but i was a bit dissapointed. Overall a decent film.
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1. During a high-speed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
& if you ain't with it punk bitch then get these nuts in ya mouth, no more. no less.
:thanks for that-Result/have a new NYT writer to follow:Catherine Rampell,she covers theater and econo-go figure
and I'm walking around with a smile on my face thanks to you :) Love and Light!
Read something from the past, and it still killed me inside..
Starting a new painting today, called "echo," echo, echo, echo...
There's the Volstad I was waiting for.
Happy #openingday Seattle! Go M's!
Maybe it is
You go girl I'd tap that
"I will praise the Lord according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the Lord most high." Psalm 7:17
so whats on your mind?>
thanks so much man
I was just called GAY again I mean my necklace says Never Say Never not I Like Men or something!!! Gosh!!!! Still wearing it with proudness!
meet , & vice versa! Two such nice people should know each other, really.
So glad you're on #thevoice. I've been a fan since u were on Rock Star INXS. You rock!
What is this odd sensation I feel. Oh, we're finally winning on the road
Really...gotta delete right when Jaysee makes a twitter -.- Thanks mom.
very exciting for the #Vikings!
I think #Obama officially fucked up all chances for a black president to be elected again
Looking forward to tonight's Central Committee meeting!
I'm really, really excited about the new record. When can we expect it?
Over bringing down the system from within. Can somebody tell me about africology and women's studies at #UWM?
follow me ?:) #Believe 9
Nothing bored af Sitting here Debating on What Niggas bout to Eat lol
is going to flip her mind Rodgers tweeted and she's not here. lol
In Snow White when the dwarfs sing "I ho I ho it's off to work we go" they are actually going home from work... Shouldn't they sing I home?
that you talking to the cop in rocky point? What did u do now!
#ECEtechCHAT Totally true! And when Spanish speakers are attending English webinars to get in-service hours. terrible!
Who has a #brunch filled weekend!?!
Listening to IZ "white sandy beach" on #pandora can't wait to go back to #Hawaii with - only 7 months until the next trip!
Can't talk about how civilians interpreted the mobility of Civil War armies in Shenandoah Valley w/o addressing experience of Unionists.
Up & at'em. Muay Thai Monday!
Cannot believe I missed Bill Murray in #RVA!
I love the idea of a webcam on the stacks:) Please do.
Napoleon, don't be jealous that I've been chatting online with babes all day. Besides, we both know that I'm training to be a cage fighter.
So since everyone wants the #Clippers to win I'm voting for the #Grizzlies Hell I'm closer to Memphis anyway
Don't mess up something that down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
LOVE your music video! Good stuff my talented friend!! Love you!
I realized the Grand Old Party was over when you booed the Golden Rule.
I am a mess.
follow me Sarah? your beautiful! xox
Looking forward to some home brewed stout to bring in the New Year! What beers are you having tonight?
Had to show someone my Destructoid debit card to prove I'm the founder. Most don't verify ... you too can be our founder at any GDC party!
If she don't reach over and lift that button she's a selfish broad and cant be trusted
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. David Frost
Almost back to being a blonde! 😁
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect
Aw thank you. I love you guys, too ♥
That feelings when u wanna rewind time to that special part.
Oh, boy. Did I have a good chuckle over that one. A perfect illustration of my beef with Klout.
I miss you! Put THAT on your to-do list: "Remember to miss my SDSU family."
Oh yes...quite fond of the chasing scene.
When do you come back?!
werk bitch, you don't got to stress this. show 'em how it's done.
haha that's being nicee! & don't you remember? We are, that one day you were fucked up so you married me lolol :D
The art of music videos is dead, bring it back Kanye
I know smfh. U should take me to the hospital
Your passion for making a difference is the spark needed for social change
Two pretty good UI refreshes in and Especially love the followed link screen in tweetbot and the camera bar on insta
Central Florida for the weekend...
We're at #mirren. Where are you?
Also coming soon: Regional Food Hub Resource Guide
Good morning! And happy Monday!!!
“: So many shady people at Walmart this time of night..” just left there lol agreed.
getting into Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman by Robert J. Massie - good narrative bio
glad you're feeling better! Here's to a speedy recovery!
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right? I'm barely hanging on.
It's amazing how notices every other #acon but me ):
I see you.
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value
I saw the movie today!
" Came to the game like Speedy Gonzalez, Im fucking looney" -Tyler, The Creator
he was arguably the best player on the best team.
Either way. :)
You confuse me sometimes
They were looking for your "Future Parkhurst Fan" t-shirt! Thanks for that wicked Q&A w/ at on Sunday.
The and joint conference is officially underway!
Headed towards Burbank for an interview for a script reading internship.
- thanks for the RT -- best to keep regrets to very few -- they will bury you and you dreams
i just got attacked by a huge fucking beetle and i screamed and cried and ran and stripped any my neighbors are such assholes
In LOVE with Brooke's dress tonight on #DWTS results show! Stunning! :)
I just direct messaged you.
#hoodphrases word son!
I need a 3-day weekend in order to recover from my 3-day weekend. SIGH.
Always go with your instinct! RT watercolor is your middle name
American Airlines seats have gotten smaller...I just know it. I know I've not gotten bigger.
At least I've got loads of to watch. #Glorious tonight. Seriously, love them all!
youll make it as long as u get to the gate w shoes off in 12min lol
“: As you are now addicted to twitter ;)” nothing wrong with that though!
Benching V. Davis was a great idea. Benching G. Jennings bad idea. Oh well hopefully my rb's pull some points
Woke up and first thing on radio is and Herm Edwards talking football...thanks guys I was jonesing
Only one up in my house -___-
My back is so sore today, surely b/c of how much time I've been spending at the gym lately. The lesson is clear: never, ever exercise.
maybe Larry David is taking in another Dodger game with Curb
Have you tried to play Diablo3?
We've made a lot of pro-gress in the manner in which we say the word pro-cess...
actually got some minutes, scored 11 points, #BBN way to go!
no. Let me wallow inself pity.
I'm going to try and get a quick ten minutes in before work on both Thursday and Friday.
hahaha yes, unfortunately.
Thanks for mentioning us in your publication!! :)
have yall ever look out for ur homies then when is the time to pay u back they act Brand New??
Huh, there are 2 library stories in the Dispatch today. Must be something in the air.
anytime babe, u know we cool..
Traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets ask me how I can help you, I go to you. 702-882-6007
Shit just got home watchin iron chef
going up to see my dads trial
sorry i missed yr earlier tweet. there will be a simple app process for THATCamp Bay Area, prob starting in Aug.
EXCELLENT song. We agree. Slacker makes a killer 90s Hits station.
We had 100+ GA legislators participate, incl 55% of the Senate and 43% of the House Thank you!
Halie walks in " I know i smell like a pig" hahahahahaha wow!
serious question who would win a fight between an airplane and a helicopter
Left my phone at home. What's the over under on how long I will last?
Sounds like we work for the same type of boss! What fucking morons!
Wonder if a girl ever sucked a dude toes b4...
thought I had that one for sure. Ugh -_-
I don't understand why my whole back aches. It's making everything uncomfortable to do. I feel like an old man.
Ask for a follow, I'll follow back c:
lmao! Thank you!!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 3. In The Beginning There Was Void- A Skylit Drive
↓ LOVES ME
yay, are you going out in the Valley tonight or something? text me...ill DM you my number <3
Let me get this straight: Johnny Depp spends his whole life wanting to play Barnabas Collins, only to waste it on "ha ha the 1970s!" jokes?
RT : BREAKING: Greece No Longer a Nation; Announces Plan to Become Social Network
Buyers, rates are low & probably will remain low through the holidays. Get pre-approved TODAY & be ready to offer in 2012.
Thank YOU for the awesome high energy show!Special thanks for the moment of silence for our lost loved ones.
I Don't Understand Why People Hate Picking Out What To Wear For School . I Think It's Fun.(:♥
Meet our staff! RT : [...] Which part? Cuz like my tongue is always horizontal.
It was effing hilar (hot tub time machine) or the art museum was bomb ( i dont remember what i was talking about) haha
What a pretty day this has been 80 degrees sunny did some yard work and set a dish out in the yard so the birdies could get a drink of water
1 inch hail reported 6 miles east of Dawson.
Was your favorite piece of jewelry given to you by someone or did you buy it? Is there a story behind it??
Happy mothers day to my fav celebrity mom :)
So the presentations in my conflict mngmt class made everyone cry. Topic? Forgiveness
Please pray for our family as we just found out that my wife's aunt passed away tonight.
New iPad announced today and I just got my iPad 2 for Christmas. I don't think a high-def camera is enough to make me buy the new one...
@ Joss Live (aka This American Life)
I'm sure Power Rangers will live on FOREVER
Hail! RT : Congrats welcome to DC!
hey! some of us are merely strategists who work WITH new media
that is the cutest ever!
And its not because I don't want a plan or haven't tried, it's just not within my grasp.
Find me on !! Search MelissaReidFox8! 📷📱👍
Who else is excited for the True Blood premier next week?
Those sound wonderful! Perfect for this time of year.
Love RT : It's a rare reader who doesn't go to the novel looking for a kind of encouragement to live. – Norman Rush
lol I guess child :-)
Holiday season means time to plan your office parties. Serve the best, our unique light & crispy crust, imported melted cheeses & fresh topp
But now I have time to listen to #DietrichFischer-Dieskau on ! Wee!
pretty good, went by fast.
Your imperfections, is what makes who you are.
Rescuer dropped from helicopter off manhattan beach pier
Thank you!
this fc smell is starting to make me feel nauseous..
.it has a little since then.
Your being real optimistic lol alot of Laker Fans are in Panic Mode already
I can't help wondering whether the savings will exceed the amount AA is spending on staff and lawyers
A Few trudge out of the darkness because they want to:) Willing to go 2 any length to stay clean & #sober! I enjoyed your
please play ZOMBIE tomorrow, PLEASE :)
2 WEEKS until the charity show at Hammerstein Ballroom!!! So lucky to have been invited. Can't wait!
Can you download torrents? I'll send you the Pimsleur link & have you chatting "do Brasil" in 3 months.
Not giving up...
That's What's Up!! I'm leaving the yo now heading to the house.. Hit me up when u free..
is my idol
If we leave a church or relationship resentful & embittered, we will enter the next with the same attitude..(See John 20:23)
... I gave into it at starbucks... And McDonalds today... What has come.of me!?
and ur different from the other girls. Man im glad i could find you and im really glad i could come to this school and meet u
Soo my rubber bands on my braces are Red right now, but i gotta change them soon so what color should i get???
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest. George Matthew Allen
When u have feelings for someone you look into their eyes...if they don't mean anything, you just simply look at them
Don't forget if you're heading out to the game tomorrow it's a white out. Wear white!
Poor buddy, yesterday when i came home he ran up to me in my yard and jumped into my arms and decided to jump off and hit himself jaw first
Well, it's kind of a multi-day process for a fussy recipe. Cookies at work Wed.
no but he has a great voice :)
It explains the law of accelerating returns that says information technologies are improving exponentially.
Why Jon Huntsman is leaving the GOP (not because they’re Communists)
game on!
blood sugars are all messed up today, throws everything completely off - haven't been this tired at work in a long time
Catch your Coho Salmon sandwich before there gone.
Fuck lebron. When he doesn't win a ring I'll laugh again
Grossly underestimated (50%) how long it takes to bike to Ballard. Missed Yoga class but ended up riding for 2 non stop hours, yehaa
Cry me a river or ?..
I'm at bday party and this is getting really deep lol
RT : It's $1 Burger Night at Bar Louie tonight! Stop down after 5:00pm to enjoy 1/2 lb. burgers for just a buck!!!
RT : SERIOUSLY, I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW MUCH FUN WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE
RT : Shout out 2 my new follower [TYVM! Go Brooklyn! Got it goin there JohnnieFloss!]
Recorded a couple of demos yesterday, trying out a borrowed Cascade Victor on vocals. What's the vector, Victor?
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend? Shopping?
A6: What are the institutional requirements for cloud: Distance ed? Improved access for students? Research support?
With all of these political memoirs coming out, which (if any) are you excited to read?
I know that I miss u
That's true, donate it to a nursing home if you don't like it. The old ladies will love it. :-D
did you not read the first part? The ocean is why! Now if I can convince to come so I don't have to go alone!
Never felt closer to my little sister. We are literally tied up for today.
Why do people always say "no offense" right before they offend you?
what, no way, thats called awesome tweeting RT premature tweeting is waiting less than 2 mns between news & pressing "tweet"
Awesome. Thanks man.
Everything has been done before.
Honestly. You're annoying and you have no room to speak.
its okay ;)
i compared from his "One Time" video to his "Boyfriend" album cover photo... He's changed so much , unf.
#GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek follow & subscribe to on #keek !!! You could win one of two personally skinned iPod touches :D
Hey Columbus friends! Show at Bernie's Distillery this Thursday the 17th with The Up All Nights!
aight.. hit me up when u gone be working out when u get bck.
you mean the world to me...
Morning my twitter followers! It's the weekend, enjoy your Saturday and this beautiful day! Time for me to start editing ...
Now on to Hulk.
Thanks !!! We appreciate the "wow" :)
Ugh sometimes i think my hair has a mind of its own -___-
idk i cant use instagram so ill just use twitpic for fun
You know, told me about this event. I just realized that you were talking about the same one!
So me and Stegg decided that when he turns 18, we're self submitting our asses to
Nick finished at 10:44p, pace at 7:25. Luai now heading to Greenfield Park. Team Healthcare Heroes
Congrats to Weequahic High & Crime Stoppers own Head Coach Brian Logan on their playoff win against Hoboken Friday night! Great job Indians!
Holy crap is the new First Aid Kit record amazing. Can't stop listening to the song Emmylou..
- Finally had a chance to put my Romo together, super easy and I think it took longer to download the app then to assemble it!
Don't forget to catch Faviana on the Today Show for their REd Carpet, Golden Globe looks on NBC!!
What is the best way for us to share our upcoming studies with you? #twitter? #facebook? #pinterest? #linkedin? FInd us there, and tell us!
If Usher don't cut that damn mohawk off tho...
Happy Thursday! Have a great one!
"Why are Viola parts written in alto clef?" "Because it's harder to prove that wrong notes weren't copying errors."
RT : RT : I've got a new TV show "Who Let The Dogs Out!" Check it out! WOOF!! wholetthedogsout.tv #TillmanTV Woof!!
i got the best sleep last night
Why he did that I do not know. And I do not know why these texts he sent(at least 2) did not show in my statement?
Don't miss DJ Kidd, Joey G, and guest bartender Ryan Healy tonight at Sutra Lounge for Sindustry Wednesdays!
Tots on The Go gets noticed by Frommers! Check it out! http:www.frommers.com/articles/7376.html
RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
nun kid hangin' n bangin' sup witchu? how u been sonzio.... lets kick it soon, u no. like the old days
Inspired by #ASTD2012, I'm collecting &sharing LearningTransfer best practices. Plz tweet your suggestions using hashtag
Keeping them? =)
Im BalliNG Bitch !!!
Another great day is in the books :)
At least she's not jealous #skylerproblems p.s. im not afraid to tag you
It feels like Winter again here in Nashville
I need help.....I need help. Someone call me. I need to finish this damn song. AUDREY. CUE AUDREY.
no you would get a ticket
“: haha, where u been?” In the MLB and NFL Combine world. Let's catch up!
that's like the only time I get noticed is when I don't try!!! Lol so let's not try(;
CKAN.net - registry of open data sets. Dekkers
chris johnson
Vandy is so advanced with pedagogical uses of technology and yet offers no online classes. Is there a reason? just curious
Looking at Wolfram's Computable Document Format, reproducible science or YADF? #MSRworkshop Maybe this is what we all thought of PDF @ 1st
Ooh, cookie flavored lip balms?
I know u feel better now right?
Impractical jokers.
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE IN A PLAY: James Corden,Philip Seymour Hoffman,James Earl Jones,Frank Langella,John Lithgow
Hey Ceasar! Was listening to Beastie Boys and realized haven't checked in on your tweets! Be well mi amigo!!!
today is friday the 13th...haha its my lucky day!
I am. 2nd car from Front... You?
Dreamt that was the keynote speaker...at my birthday party. All my dog pals were there.
No more numbers
Debut at tahoe? RT : Rocket Man!!
Great Things Happen For Reasons Of GreatNess
RT That man be
there are people in the world that go to bed hungry, but there are people in America that exclude certain food from their diet.must be nice
phew, thanks. I kind of felt lame.
I love Jersey Shore!!!! yeah man ;)
I asked and she was like idk how the hell hahha
great article dan wouldn't mind a linebacker either!
listing to issaaaaa an my babiii on atl radio
FLUXX! Its happening. Lord protect me from fighting douchebags!
For our halftime entertainment, we can tell u a little about one of our alums She's working up at the Olympic Training Center.
great fit - Combining Digital Media and Customer Interactions for “Connected CRM”
Who the hell are you? Did I address you? No! Crawl back into the hole you came from!
Here in DC April only 1.5º milder than March #dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Gov't checks to close the pay gap would certainly help. Not sure that's going to be on the agenda... ever. (Nor should it.)
I believe has done an amazing job, but I do not think it matches the glory days of boxing (yet).
I gotta a headache
hey what did Burnie say? I just wanna get atleast one song done in the next couple of weeks before Berklee gets hectic
#c2css12 This is what C2C is all about! Sharing stories.
and we love having the opportunity to impact lives through #SummerCamp with you.
thank you so much, I'm really glad you checked us out
some other faggot ass dj stole a remix from dj boi jeanious
New parking signs may be up by the holiday season pending recommendation from DELDOT
"Man, when you hit the sundial crew, it gets I"
well are they still alive?
Why don't the NBA players come together and start their own leauge?
I was thinking something less Gallilean. something more abstract.
Obama 2012....no other choice!
I would follow but i'm on follow limit! We have to get more followers first, then we can start following again..
hey. Thanks for following.
I fucking hate homework & school. Why do we need school anyway? We're already stupid.
Dude, your range really shows in #Climax! Love that song! You need to do more of that!
Would love suggestions on the best blogs in #socialbiz What do you read?
just met and now 😂 we already have an inside joke!
Just interviewed Sean Rumgay, 16, who rode out the storm. This afternoon, he was surveying damage.
Just found out E-40's full legal name is Edward Forty.
My movie , Blue Streak is on (:
Got some pretty damn exotic Yoplait goin on here at the Gelson's
HAPPY THONG THURSDAY to all da LADIES ... Make it a GREAT DAy Fam
Been getting a lot of comments asking me for a face behind this account...here I am, folks:
I'm home from my performance I got another solo today :)))) so happy can't wait for tour on Friday :))) I have 4 solos !!!! No school for me
they really should just throw it in some barrels and see what happens. That is how Domique was made w/ sour Matilda.
My junior high crush! RT : So pumped to hear Wayne Gretsky speak to close out #AFPmeet!!!
lol im suppost to be revising for my geog test tomorrow. lol never mind.
Forget what you want, and remember what you deserve.
Kitty needs a Twitter account.
hope you're okay beautiful! <3
Mohawk no. What is the real question ?
:) you're too kind
"Hispanic" - includes the Spanish conquerors and by definition, favors European cultural invasion, not indigenous roots.
In honor of #summeriscoming I am giving up candy for lent. 46 days to go...
Good Sunday to all! Me we all be blessed today.
I know! There's no option at the end of a chapter you HAVE to keep reading!
I'm good, what about you? :)
The weather and area is good for an outdoorsman like myself. I just sold my business in CA &am looking to start over again here
RT : Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader's. STEPHEN KING
I'll be there first row!
is back from hiatus! House party show, sat night 409 Bushnell get some
Mailman? or Mailwoman? or Mailperson? Isn't it 'letter carrier', e.g. Natl Assoc of Letter Carriers? Jerry B was a mailman?
David Beckham drives a Navigator L...wow! I like this guy
i gotta get a fucking job soon man!!
We're looking forward to tomorrow's performance.
Thanks for dinner, babe. I love you!
In my sis Arleen house wit my babe :*
RT : My guess is there is nobody more frustrated right now than Larry Bird. RT (Fran Vogel)
o. what's the answer?
hey claudia your my FAVORITE!! guru on youtube! :) i ♥♥♥x1,000,000 your videos! keep making awesome vids! xoxo -katherine :)
just blinked....
I've come to realize I suck at play station bowling.
We'd love to open for the mighty Pants some night though. When I get some rough cuts of our work, I'll send them your way.
"No woman No cry" not the most flattering song for women. Right? Or am interpreting the lyrics wrong?
u have 7k followers! congrats! now lets raise the roof 2 8k! i now u can do it baby! do it 4 us! help him get higher! luv ya!
picked perfect produce: Peppers, pickles, potatoes, pies, pumpkins presently at the Pavilion! :)
Stickin my finger in yo pussy hole, then I take my finger out yo pussy hole. Smell da pussy, taste da pussy
I think we've been snarky with each other, but you're right, no name calling. At least, not intentionally?
Pshhh if it's Golds downtown, I'll see ya there then
Come out and play Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the arcade for only $12.00! Every Tuesday & Thursday!
oh yea boy!
well now youre just fibbing -__-
whatever Bitch , clearly u ain't about Shit
Lost my swipe... Not going out last night but somehow after I was at the library this morning.
WOW 2pac is alive at coachelle. I don't know how I feel about that.
Thanks! We can't take credit though. That is all Interface Journal's work. We're just highlighting it.
muro is the jam I been drawing up a storm on deviantart
RT : As spring training heats up we r glad the Cubs stayed in Mesa AZ Right move for all involved Baseball jobs available h ...
Story change. On my way to Douglas County to ask more about the Nuggets' Birdman investigation
thank goodness i found on twitter so i can tell the source how amazing the show was...& i can't wait for andrea goss to go on!
Thanks for your recommendation to use print2flash. It is perfect!
How long are delays on the Red Line?
Thanks, Nioshi. I am deeply troubled when it comes to Trayvon and the aftermath.
I can already tell hoe this day is going to go. It just better not be like last Friday..
I've been waiting for this for 2 years and now that you're here I can't do it.
Time to get my drink on. Hopefully I can stick around the bar to watch most of the tribe game.
'twas a pleasure seeing today. Tried and loved it!
I'm Pintristed as well!
RT : I've been flirting with 666 followers all week. | you devil, you
Ahh my sisters coming home!!!!
belin...are you drunk?
ohhmyygodd why is the internet stream of slower than the radio?!??! ONE DIRECTION TIXS AH
I'm excited to be there. What parties going on?
oh sorry!! I will give it to you when he's finished :)
Sealogix Fish Oil can be found at www.5StarFishOil.com
no :D
Habitat 4 Haiti campaign never stopped. We are just getting started!!!! Look out Haiti is here to help.
What we're really talking about is a wonderful day set aside on the fourth Thursday of November when no one diets. I mean, why else would...
What a contradicting statement.
I'm
At least I stand behind my words and not an anonymous Twitter handle.
Les Cayes Trial continues ... RT Audience at trial is very emotional.. They're being asked to leave the premises/courthouse
Addicted to Jackass movies =))))
We still can not send out our campaign-payment gateway still down?
- yes, it would seem that way... But people (and animal friends) are not always what they seem...
AFTERHOURS PARTY EVERY FRIDAY AND SAT ST. MAY 15
been there since forever licensed by state authorites. Unfortch #ROC news engines try to make something out of nothing.
That's okay. As long as you know all the words to Did It On'em you're a good enough fan. :)
“: Oddly satisfying to say: 'Send it to Legal.'” I'm going to say it even though I don't know anyone in legal.
I love my mom so much. She is always there. She does everything. Thank you mom.
Writing writing writing! Though I'm confident I've hit the 10,000 hour mark. If we count grammar school...
has quite the calling.
Ugh. I just want all these things I can't have.
lots of people, not some!!!
Up workin on this "SEL Anthem" video from Beats By Tha Key Ft. Unk D & Murda Mil. Its getting more complex by the min but its gonna be hot.
We have officially moved to our new home at The Glasbox (1500 Texas Avenue, Up, Entrance on Langtry St.).
Casting Net: Taylor Swift nearing noteworthy role as Joni Mitchell, plus Mark Wahlberg, Guy Pearce, Jaden Smith
omg im love the song mistletoe
wats wrong with the one u got?
SAY SOMETHING, IF YOU'RE FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHING, BABY DON'T BE SO SHY<3
I haven't seen the last 4 episodes but I'm currently watching... This show is so unrealistic -__-
It turned out there was a temple trip after all. My names were given to the Stevens Point branch. They did about half.
i'm so bored I need somethin outdoors to do
good morning
Taste of Life tomorrow evening in our ballroom. Tics may still be available: www.hihaf.org. Come on out for a good cause.
we couldn't agree more! Love liege waffles!! ;-)
#On Your Grind. You Say Not Really Um 2 Steps ahead of You:/
What a beautiful day it's been in #ABQ. Hope everyone got out and enjoyed it.
With McBride & Esperanza in the front ranks, it couldn't B a betta time 4 the bass. Yahoo!
It's Time To Get Ya Shit .. Don't Forget To Close The Door
Not going to Owens Party?
haha hey a way to get richer :D im gonna go watch some seinfeld ill talk to you tomorrow :D goodnight !
:The #'s on ths scale mean nothing.Nourish your body. Move from joy.You can just BE the person you want to be. Starting NOW!
I'm so tired. Slap happy as fuck.
Closing the office. Have a good weekend, everyone!
This #newtwitter is going to take some getting used to...
They Give U The Hips Pa La Gozadera(; Lml
omg that's awesomee!! I am like obsessed with Finland lol i totally want to move there =)
Why is it so hard these days 4 Detroit artist to get in the music industry. Talent never left our city.
MUSIC IS LIFE < 3
Great article - thanks for the mention!
#SuperBowlParty Pack features: local made Salsa, Salem Cheese straws, Giacomo Salami & Calico Cheese for $14.75 ($23 value) w/ Wine purchase
No not really but i hope you ICONiacz in Canada have a chance to meet the boyz too!
Finding treasure with Nicolas cage
The schticky what the eff man?! Stick to sham-wow! You are not Billy Mays! Stop trying!
Replay shows safe. Wow.
getting turnt up double strength HAM for lob city wish it was a game action
Doors are opening up. You will be able to sit and dine with us real soon.
Yup. Both of them. I know, it's pretty impressive.
I can smell my MERCEDES
Kudos to Father Pfleger for 5k reward for information leading to the arrest for the beaten of the Elderly Priest..Father Mallette
#songthatchangedmylife famous last words
Celsion Corp $CLSN closed a $15mm financing with leading life science institutional investors today
“: BigBang" it up!!! Alive tour coming to USA soon. Creative Directed by ya girl LaurieAnn” DM me the schedule!
When your parents notice you look thinner >
i thought you were at jenkintown - are you at basil's? if so, i'll correct. i'm a nazareth alumna!
My name is Rick Perry, and I'm running for Dickhead.
Let our aim be a way of life not diametrically opposed to, but better than that of the mob. - Seneca.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.—Wernher von Braun
One of the best interviews of a sports figure (or anyone else for that matter) that I've ever seen/heard
For updates on the progress of the Britten Thematic Catalogue follow us
Just perused through the USC alumni newsletter... Who knew Matthew Weiner is a Trojan?! Fight on.
I'm happy to have held'em to a field goal! Letd go Matt! Last chance!
I have nose whistle today :/
sucks not seeing you on Feedback anymore. Kinda stopped watching that show. Especially now that Adam left.
I would trade Caps tickets for that right now. No, wait, no I wouldn't! :) Enjoy
nothing better than a welcome back to school migrane to start off the homestretch till summer
Our last show revealed important genes information affecting diabetes, watch out for our podcast update tomorrow on www.voiceofdiabetes.com.
LOL agreed! the glitter is so pretty until you find yourself scraping it off :(
#imagine you: im not ready for love. austin: im not gonna push you, i'll just sit back and wait for you *kissed your cheek*
Thanks Man!!
Also "nice" to see the tennis press is still reporting it as breaking news
In the kitchen today: Cabbage soup, pumpkin bread, key lime & habanero cheesecake. M.
lmfaooo I didn't know you lived there :o
give semester and end of yr evals. also, class maps survey is AWESOME!
I don't take any chances, the last two twittercided before I could.
#ItSeemsLike the people u like the most u seem to have the most trobble gettin close to
How r u today
just stop
My juicy lips...
lol how Long have u had twitter for lol?
It's not even my birthday
#wehobigread We have a book discussion group today at 7pm and on Saturday(3-5p) a panel discussion on Art and Activism.
#MBA candidates are currently hearing back from #Kellogg! Good luck to those who have applied!
San Antonio spends one day atop the listener ranks of Rhythm & Jazz Radio and what happens? New York City & Los Angeles bump SA down to 3rd!
I told her do that thing I like and she fkin did it...she did it
Possibly co-hosting a NYC New Year's Eve party themed after Warhol's Silver Factory. Time to get the silver blazer and shoes going.
AWE !!!! If he likes u so much he should jst ask u out! But ik he needs time but i am even gettin anxious ! Lmfao
Follow me now
SE pdx RT : If you didn't tell me your location, and you heard the thunder... please let me know so we can add your community!
We agree, and that's why we're bringing you this prayer-app: www.birdofprayer.org
I don't know Jared, I can believe you have 117k people following you on linked in
#WhatsObamaHiding his black liberation theology handbook personally autographed by Reverend Wright.
Congrats to , can't wait to see with
Contour, the UT fashion show tonight, WAS AWESOME! So exciting to walk for thousands of people. Thanks to everyone who came out!
Why didn't Narron write it in Japanese!?!?
Ok ima stop..
DO IT!! we are going to some crazy concert with harrison that matt says is going to be awesome! & YAY email me re dec soon!
friend: what's the first thing you think of when you hear- me: ONE DIRECTION! :D friend: ... (smacks head)
Good Morning.... Happy Friday. :-)
Definition of severely underprepared student for remedial ed - Reading level below 6th grade.
I just met you, and this is crazy... I don't have your number, so give it to me maybe? ;)
Time is running out to save 35% off your entire order of wall decals in our shop. Coupon Code is SPRING35 (Expires May 1) www.wilsongraphics
got home, no birchbox :(
That's a day I might just make it down to PDX. Should we organize a dinner?
All you garden enthusiasts some outdoor and indoor plants for sale at the Long Beach Flea Mkt, Bargains happening right now. See you!
At actors certified training playing a cop in one scene and a sexy mama in the other
RT : That which failed him, also defined him: A Liver. RIP Steve Jobs
and I'm going to see you in San Diego next Tuesday :) so excited!!!
google my name pacmang74 and checkout my songs.
follow back please
Avoid criminal investigation? MT Mr. Mayor... What have you accomplished that makes you better?
From my experience "How to write an RFP for social media" has been the most useful presentation of
Thanksgiving is over. Time to get back in shape.
Watching #starwars with my kids for the first time.
you are my inspiration I love you with all my heart I'm very orgullozo you're my idol
i'm out
What a dull press conference that was......
I totally love
My buddy is close to the 50k mark for his "Ass Back Home" cover video! Amazing stuff, give him a follow.
RT Sometimes I wish god could just come down and tel me some of the tings I need to know, cause I hate being confused!
So are my kids!! RT : Excited Favorite Male Singer Kids Choice Awards 2012 Is Justin Bieber
Good Morning. Back to the grind. Had an early shoot yesterday and delivering the finished product today.
hmm Try just going in to ur settings... And notifications should be in there somewhere...
“Today I shall behave, as if this is the day I will be remembered.” ― Dr. Seuss
Nah, it's Peyton Manning, not Kyle Orton. Everyone gets that he's at the top of the food chain. If he can't play, fans won't be the problem.
rockin the airwaves!
Even if one of the guys in Wellington told you that you wouldn't believe them?
Who is the greatest rock star of all times? Accepting suggestions.
Hotter than hot in the apt tonight, good luck sleepin
I haven't checked the weather, but if you get cold I'll warm you up
Dear girls, don't be hoes. That shit is extremely unattractive.
Looking forward to the 20th anniversary party
Eleanor Hamilton~ A compliment is a gift not to be thrown away carelessly unless you want to hurt the giver.
So, does this mean we can end the "war on terror"?
15 days since tweeting! Dang. I be a busy dog!
Yaaay for me
missing keg/panties in the kitchen/pants in dining room/hungover this morning to ernie from sesame street this afternoon..
aw thks but im gud but u need too eat n go to sleep
#nikejoe Kim Kardashian Institute for Marital Longevity
Don't cross to the dark side D: “: Darn you radio 1 for getting madonna stuck in my head! :(”
Ok Milwaukee let the countdown begin to the show this Wed #TurnerHallBallroom. You know you wana dance so take your medicine
Tea party on the couch with and watching My Best Friends Wedding...
lol so u must b a big fan of him #letmefindout yall want each other lol
Pizza or Pasta? Pizza!
haha well I got ya now lol you missed out on Easter lol it was a cluster fuck lol
Congrats on the cold turkey. I like mine on whole wheat with mayo and a beefy tomato
They are not serious about this shirt off
"Before you raise people's expectations, you have to change their preconceptions."
Looks nice.
Your Mantra for the day: If actions speak louder than words I must be yelling.
APD:Homicide investigators haven taken over investigation of a man who suffered 3rd degree burns after woman throws pot of oil at him.
waiting for Friday -- will it never come?
#GreenTeam pick that shit up, unite
The will win tonight!
Ryan Braun is a cheater! FACT! RT : Ryan Braun has his own clothing line through Affliction Clothing.
You know you go to a ghetto school when kids pass out in the hallway from smoking too much weed LOLL
Oh hello new followers! Shoot us a tweet, let's chat!
Happy to see you today during the show!
Miller got better, CW is studio only. Tirico sounds generic. RT : Tirico>>>Chris Webber and Reggie Miller
You are every thing to me n wen i close my eyes its u i see
Marinating chicken is the BEST use for buttermilk. Om nom nom!
I'm your Bonnie && your my Clyde - except I'm way cuter and we do not get caught 💋
About to start packing shoeboxes for OCC!! Whoot whoot!! This will be awesome!!
Everyone has a story. Child Sexual Abuse is not a new story by itself. What is your outcome. How has your story impacted you?
#John is still my go to track to get the day started
Miss you too buddy! Enjoying some R&R in SouthEast FL. Keep up the good work brother! Off to Captiva Island 2morrow.
Going to the Wizard's Ball in full costume with I tried for steampunk, but it's more "Dr Quinn, Town Doxy."
how is it that you continue to rock??
Does Babysitting fall under the category of "Baby Care"? If so, my Kroger brand Q-tips are totally qualified to supervise your children.
That's a lot of love! RT: : Love the videos Love the Blackhawk Love Shamarr & the Underdawgs!
Great article!
Old cooking school trick. Let me know how the coconut flour turns out. I've not worked with that, that I recall.
If your inner beauty is ugly what makes you think your outer skin isnt uglier
shhhh... it's time to appreciate the game.
We can not believe the season is coming to an end. Time flies when your having fun.
Tyto owls are the prettiest animals ever.
I'm happy that you're coming on over to the Lord's side...but with Sprint tho? HA! #Yowza Trust me...AT&T is better
is the man
i'll be trying to catch up on things tomorrow & Sunday, if I ever get Internet back
I love it! i love helping others! BTW - I grew up in SO. : )
I'll just say it. I thought Remember the Titans was really really bad.
Does Santorum realize the Teleprompter is an American invention?
Thank you Lord for the Opportunity!
Um I am hungry who is cookin.....
Hey...I like your face.... Kbye.
RT : Jared just sent me a picture of his dildo collection. I'm not as concerned as I should be.
Uh, are you tweeting yourself? Haha.
But... nicely. I think the student will be more likely to respond if it's approached like a mistake, not an intentional insult.
i talk to for 2 secs and i'm Googling "death star propulsion"
word. ;p
Nurses come in and put gloves on his hands so he can't pull his stuff off himself. He asks me "you want these?" Then takes them off
Nice work , GI at the final buddy
Looking forward to seeing you at Emory tonight.
my account is good! I have no idea why it says forbidden
yeah...i doubt it>>>>#i'mcashingout
I wanna go away for the weekend....but where???? hm
i'd say my collection of #davidhasselhoff action figures is worth a least 2 in the bush
Some People Will Never Learn.
Thanks for the info! I think I'm going to get one of those holders...
We had a fun time at the Safari Half Marathon last Sunday. What other runs are you planning on doing?
Why do I still care about you, when you don't even think of me anymore.
lol it's 5am i haven't slept and Liz & Ashley are coming over,wut.
it was so good i loved it
. I've thought about it; maybe in a few years.
No, I didn't--thanks for the link. Looks like a great conference, sad that I'll missit.
hahaha you know I put you on that ish maybe one day the king of new Brunswick will put his mixtape on ur wall
Nobody loves these lyinnnnnnn ass hoes
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in my vicinity.
'Affordably' is a word. Stop fucking squiggly lining it, you fucking ass hat.
check out our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Testing a tweet scheduler.
US spends more $$ on education than anywhere. Issue is that bureaucrats far away from classroom making all the decisions.
Here's to the Mahomies who actually know who Angel is and how important she was to Austy<3
Visit Saturday for free ice cream, discounted cakes and prizes for hula hooping. Yes. Hula hooping. Check in for 2x Belly points!
Good mornning lovely people! Have a great day!
YOU happened! Can I come over today?
I've seen the sort of things that trickle down, and they generally don't include wealth.
Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. -Ephesians 6:17
The notice is probably a good idea. I saw a lady on Sunday who sat in front of a fan then wondered why there was a draught.
wow that must be annoying
My battery is dying! No please don't die! I'm gonna cry :'c
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. -Benjamin Disrael
Couch, Dinner, PJ's and the
Hey, hon! We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
they give you time to read?
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Did I REALLY just step in dog poop....walking through my hall?!?! #thisiswhyilove #cats -__- They poop in a box, not your hallway.
wow that is a tough one. a really tough one. RT : find me a pool hall spot that has good food in nyc
I need help using google anaytics with multitenant redirection in the cloud, is this possible? not clear from your webinfo
haha I'm just here waiting for g to get out of his ap test and she's like you need to wait outside she needs a real job
Welcome & Congrats! RT : Just paid my deposit for UConn!
We do dum shit outta boredom -_- . Cause we're not being productive
I have every faith you will come out looking as gorgeous as ever! Xx
Is this the death match for the #Republican Party > with it's schizo message? You know, Moral Majority finally killing Traditional Party?
ugh my boyfriend is inadequate because he isn't making me this right now.
Had an amazing time in Portland, not sure I wanna leave
Hey what's up bro
I can't imagine SNL without Kristen Wiig! Ah :(
Love makes the world go 'round. Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
When I believe and know in my heart that everything is really alright, immediately everything becomes alright for me. I claim it now.
You were talking mad crap on the phone about them.. You say you hate hypocrites you are one..
Do your best to prevent stress eating. Go for a walk or drink a diet drink to suppress your appetite until you are in a clear frame of mind
You gave me nothin. Yet your still in my way.
Sorry about that! Did the problem happen again? What version are you using?
Keith & are risking life and limb in old abandoned letterpress shop. I suspect a psycho printer is hiding out, knife in hand.
We will be closed on Sunday, so hippity hop on over to for Easter Brunch!
Follow these crazy kidz ": one more thing! Could you RT us so we get more followers?? thanks x"
>_> Shhhhh , They Might Be Listening
Setting up some exciting new plays behind the scenes to launch July 1st. More soon.
Reality check: Inheriting your money, success, opportunity, etc. is not earning it. Stop being a prick and pay it forward.
I got 2 Saturday detentions U KNOW WAT I SAY BOUT THAT OK FUCK THEM BITCHES I HATE MR. ASS FUCK ND MRS. BITCH FUCK ALL I DID IS HAVE CONDOMS
Calling it an early night. 😪💤
Let me talk with our developers, what is your user name for Snoball and 4sq?
i love austin carter mahone and alex ruben constancio
I'm loved in many places, the Hood being one of them.
haha! Right! Reminding myself!!!
check out rockwelltime.com, super sick company, and the crew over there is awesome!
maybe it is time to upgrade to
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
thank you but don't worry about it it's probably too late for me to get there now.. have a good time at the concert
End of the 3rd - Wolves 86 - #Spurs 71 - Getting out-rebounded - Coach Pop ejected; I hope we can recover. #GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com
At least we have good jams today at work
How do you treat your haters?
what is a hint he can give out about the next rap of himself and M & N ???(: SHOUTOUT TO BRITTANY GARCIA FROM CHICAGO <3
sorry man. Looks like you'll have to go straight to the source
Got to wait till tomorrow to post up a picture. Stupid blackberry.
In any case, things are good. I'm about to spend three days reading through dusty old documents. An historian's idea of fun.
me too !!!! My stomach is starting to growl /: lol
“: y?”you still in Houston.?
I'm sick of you .
too bad I cant retweet you.
Utah's Sen. Orrin Hatch faces primary challenge - Boston Herald
thank you shout out back
I am covered in bruises. What the hell happened last night?!
I have my copy of Life by Keith Richards in my hot little hands! First chapters look great. My evening is booked! Keef!
HerCampus Wake Forest (along with OCPD, Student Life, and Panhel) is pleased to announce INTERN QUEEN will be here JAN 31!
your so mean to him
Spice up your day w/ a Buffalo Shrimp basket, fries & cole slaw for $9.99. Press conference @ noon for you know what.
You ever want something really bad, then you get him, I mean "it", and you regret it because you know it's bad for you? Yeah, me neither.
we love those movies. Definitely different than other ones but I am good w different :)
Sweet, the gmusic app on the iPad is quite good. Too bad google doesnt have an official one, but still a good app.
That's where I'm always going wrong. I stick with flats.
Thanx homie! Props 4 the Ivan Drago, Classic! Yea that was me on the blends/presentation &Presyce on the cuts, stil Bangin!
I can honestly say even if we might get mad @ eachother everyonce in awhile yall hav nvr let me down
yeah... I think we might have the same one.
no more Judith?
My feminine side is lesbian
mine would be Beautiful Freaks :)
thanks for the R/T!
ITA. It's hard tho- kids have been in PS their whole lives. Feels like we are 'deprogramming' in a way.
Members Card Texas Rangers ML -140 (25 units)
Math is an instrument of patriarchy; its rigor is merely a manifestation of the totalitarian mindset.
RT : Wow! 131 units have been sold since the beginning of the year. Congratulations to the Axis Brickell Sales Team!
When Im All Alone I Think About Your Face...
He think he balllllin
Had a lot of fun today! :)
Masque... Step it up :/ and I are visiting...
I can't wait for Kate Boka to teach tonight at the Wright Way Master Classes Broadway audition seminar - Las Vegas!
That's what I like to hear! :)
NCAA title game embodied the tournament: build up to a great ending...and then nothing. Least exciting tourney in recent memory.
Yess ! I wondered where my sweetheart went :(
DWade looked like he wanted to fight Kobe when they asked him about the foul in the All-Star game.
Another night wasted i might say.
#2011 bout to come to a close... N I'm still standin
Glad to be your bestfriend meanie
I think I want to get a #samsungnote!! :)
If you have a strong or high energy breed of dog it�s advisable to keep him mentally stimulated and well exercised
Nice seeing you tonight, boys. You rock.
Thanks! Let's connect again next week....
Ditto. #mnleg RT : This is the most unbelievable news conference I've ever seen at the Capitol. And that's saying something.
Bought a beautiful dress to wear for my BFF's wedding in January. Thank you Macy's. And seriously, it looks gorgeous on me :)
Steve Jobs' calligraphy teacher courtesy of Sumner Stone. fb.me/IEvkFNnv
I guess I'll go to this Syracuse game tonight and see what all the hype over the 2-3 is about. Syracuse is a
Loving all this buzz about webfonts. I can't wait to see what they come up with!
cleaning and i'm now aware of just how many books i have. a lot.
i gt u caniqua ;(
I'll have you livin like you should
uhh what happened to us working out 3-4 times a week together?!?!
RT Fouts wondereing what it would have been like to be tackled by #Seau. Someone in crowd yelled, "Ask #Elway!" twice.
I haven't told my mom happy mother's day, she doesn't deserve it.
There's a little sound... just from the chopper. Our pilot's mic is off.
Floyd Mayweather Fiance Is Mad Pretty
Hey i hear you like the wild ones
Out with
miss you too friend! Yes, soon! How was 30hour famine??
so I am not very good at tweeting yet, but it was a good thing. It meant my baby-sitter didn't have surgery
Yeah, I call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, i wouldn’t wanna be ya <3 lil wayne
Ryan Braun is first player to ever hit three homers at Petco Park. He is also first player since 1975 to hit three home runs and a triple.
We're putting together an article of places to go for good crawfish - let me know your suggestion and we'll add it.
or better yet, jest before checkmate starts whistling farmer in the dell
I can't wait to go bald and grow a ponytail
GM are u being good???
heading to hawaii tomorrow... lunch on the 15? or something the following week 100%!
I think last night was one of those conversations that will save this relationship.
so did you see Johnny Depp performing with Marilyn Manson last night??
DEFINITELY!! RT : My weekly dose of motivation: #sharktank makes me want to do something extraordinary.
I'm home alone, drinking away my sorrows on Christmas.
I will definitely do that!
Thanx for the follow. WE'll look into some of your apps. #SocialMedia #SocialCommerce WE Liked your FB page.
Definitely! We're at booth 809 if you can catch us.
Good morning everyone! Now it's time for me to go to bed, but idk if I can cause the suns out! Xoxo <3
what up man...you workin i see!... told me you gave him some heat!
girls that rock jordans <<<<<<<<<
I swear Liam & Miley r too cute together!! <3
You're a machine, Mr. Campbell.
You can't pretend to land on cold hard metal.
Listen for the New George Strait song in the New Music Spotlight song at 8pm! Then win $1000 at 8:05!
Q2 How can I determine if there is a need for my goods/services?
Well at least Pirates got 1 tonight.
*raises up glass against evil forces* whiskey for my men & beer for my horses! (it's a #countrymorning, y'all).
Never waste your time standing in judgement of others! It is nothing more than a waste of time!
Oh you have a new estimate, Ford? $1500? Sure. Want my left arm? The shirt off my back? No? Just the cash?
Even Bernie is frustrated : End of Q2,OMG
Your dad is the coolest!
#Heartattack Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Title: Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Category: Healt
hey kelly I'm hungry too
Oceania Cruises European Dreams-be the 1st on Riviera-2 for 1 cruise fares & free airfare on select sailings! Call our experts 800-803-7245
Tiger in 30th place at Sawgrass. The SportsCenter highlight package would make you believe he is in first
Okay rumor says Slim dunkin was killed over a piece of Candy Please say it isn't TRUe
closed already today....soryy guy..but I am hanging wit right now
We have been writing music since February of this year and are recording at Black Watch Studios in November and December.
Definitely! Just completing a grad paper b4 I call it a night~ U?
Sunday is Ride Day....HMBA Winter Mayhem ride at TRTP from 9a.m.-12p.m.
Having a cappuccino with my client and friend Teresa, former Miss NJ US
Father of Zach Smith with talking about federal law/policy that prohibits Zach's name on Post Office designated in his honor
D: I'm afraid cause what if my prom "person" backs out and i'm avalible? D: your prom is May 18 though right?
those remind me of an after school snack :-)
versace shades no ray bans
What is going on in downtown DC today? K Street and 14th Street NW seem more awful than usual traffic-wise.
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;)
One student in a Grateful Dead T-shirt today.
there are rumors lakers want raymond and we want blake out there, I retweeted link which you probley have.
You gonna look her up?
Ready, Set, Go!
“The virtue lies in the struggle, not in the prize.”
Glenn-I am not a Ravens fan but sucks b/c Suggs is a guy I like to watch. Talks the talk but walks the walk. Osi Umenyora?
After I am done with her I am going to let him know that allowing someone to take up 30 minutes of an hour long office hours is not ok
I don't know much about Yemen except the drone stuff...but it's on my list to get smarter about...so many countries! ;^)
Yes, I am just as much looking forward to Moonrise Kingdom as I am to Dark Knight Rises, why do you ask?
Just followed like a gallon of people =0
Attn receipt losers: both & now give u option to have your receipts emailed
I am beyond thrilled! Countdown to
We still have one slot open for next term's schedule. Any suggestions? (35mm film only.)
I really hope Michael Buble and Justin Bieber collaborate on a record and call it I'm A Bublieber.
omg, donuts and beer- forget it ;)
Nice. RT Cake and coffee it is : )
That is great. i know we smile every time we use any of our rain barrels, makes the wife hum when she is watering her plants.
it was so great to see you and share that deliciousness! Hope you enjoyed Alcatraz!
what part of NJ u at bruh
"I'm going to bang your brother " Cc: look out!
Dear guy spamming one of my online contests: the email prefix "slipperypete" totally doesn't make you look a guy who spams online contests.
You aren't a redneck if you don't fuck with Trunk Muzik
That sure looks like a nice way to work!!
We appreciate the note! Keep an eye on the site - more features soon. We just launched 2 weeks ago!
So, U haven't had dinner yet, huh? it's not 2 late 4 R #GridGrub deal: An open faced Turkey Sand. w/mashed potatoes & veggies 4 only $5!
Is Popsicle a proper noun? Haha!
Tonight is game 1 of a long and successful NBA career. #Duke nation take notice. Tear 'em up
How often do you think about the purpose of your life?
u right :D
Restoring the beauty...
We are mirrors whose brightness, if we are bright, is wholly derived from the light that shines upon us. ~C.S. Lewis
Stopped by for a build your own burger. Green chile, bacon...AWESOME! Fries? Perfect. And the iced teas were so tasty!
Thanks for the mention.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
Fun! Which attachments did u get?
That fact is, you're trying. That's what really matters! ;)
haha there's no point of studying!
Day off in Memphis today. Gonna get some BBQ!
Yeap I think it was DJ Drama
Just ate Chinese food for lunch! Ribs and Rice!
oh fuckin de
good to see you at today's meetup!
My hair is curly.I explained this to London as she "styled" it. I now have a frizzy ponytail pulled so tight I look like a Chinese squirrel
Nicholl Fellowship is due in 3 days. Here's to a weekend of courier new, twizzlers, sparking water, KCRW, KUSC and melancholy tears.
2 fire drills in one day??? Uve got to be joking
“: Fake nails, Fake hair, Fake ass, Fake nose, Fake voices, Fake breast....Are you sure you weren't made in china?”
#NFB don't be a twitter stranger
Before I started driving a cab I had never taken notice of them on the streets of Denver.
Sure! No problem! From not on lets use #SWAG to show that we support and care about our wonderful Who's with me?
My sister is finally back in P-Town. Love.
Oh....I like #baylors Tron uniforms.....
#cgxemerge miss your insight at Emerge! Many Jedi warriors are weeping...
In the studio putting demo vocals on dance smash its wicked! Awesome team on this one!
Circle of love , you deny the person that treats you right and they deny you . Don't complain
if you have the hard copy of our album, the lyrics to it are in there.
DUDE GIVE ME A CALL I'VE BEEN WAITING GOD DAMN IT!
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
they make the best margaritas...and try a tuna locaaa to...delish =)
outlining systematic approach to integrating social media into planning
ignore the haters. You're beautifully pregnant. That's all :-)
why did u block me :( what did i do nothing
Game of thrones on deck
Allegro Dance Company will perform at Wheeling Jesuit University on April 2 at 11:30am. Join us! www.allegrodancecompany.net
Hoping for a slow night at work!
.....that is slightly frightening
happy Easter Toni.
your #AdvoCare business cards should arrive tomorrow. Any wagers on Cowboys/Bears Sunday? :) In Dallas but a Bears fan!
Thanks for checking us out. Dont forget to like us on Facebook/myadvocator
Elena, Bonnie and Matt surprise Caroline with a small party in an unusual location. #TVD is on tonight at 8 on CW20!
getting my snowmobile running!
Congratulations to !
#ThirstyThursday and a complimentary Dewars tasting tonight at 5:30! Looks like the weekend is starting early in the
i was hoping for retail so i could explore fit - madison, wi
She's got eyes of the bluest sky as if it were to raaainn
Nick what football team r u a fan of thats out of the state where you live?!<3 weird question but jus wonderin
i'm going to be really upset tomorrow when i walk into buildings and people aren't lined up, clapping at my arrival
Greyson Chance at the coffee bean a block from my house?...that's a new one :)
Ready to learn more about flexible classroom design
Didn't realize my designs were such that someone could recognize me as the designer without having seen it before.
Great game on now! #1Florida vs #8South Carolina tied at 3. doing a great job with
Pill heads pop everyday kid
Last day of staycation...boo!
I hate wanting you but Kant have you ! But at the end of the day I can't help wat I want. Right??
Everybody follow the REAL , not a fake one.
So many "out of office" auto replies this month from people who are on vacation... getting jealous that I don't have a summer trip planned.
absolutely gorgeous! Ill sext you!
"Restore to me the joy of your salvation" psalm 51
Never will you miss Etta James more than when you hear sing 'At Last' at her funeral. Why you gotta go & try 2 ruin that song.
Auditioning for the summer fest gonna be a big bash!!!!!
IGN Article Prometheus: Now With More Alien! - IGN via
Join, "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment" on Facebook. Log on to Facebook and join today!
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. -Ferdinand Foch
great agme! Good luck @ philly next week!
hey mmanuel get at me on yahoo messager on the webcam or skype and get at me boo.
What are your thoughts on my #WVU Mountaineers possibly replacing Missouri in the Big 12?
thanks, taking the new car on its first road trip.
that's fast but good for u :)
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. ~ Helen Keller
One of these days I'm going to make you choose. If its her, you'll never hear from me again.
We frankly agree - "We have the most attractive members."
Idkkkkk where u goinnnn or when u comin homo i left the keys under the mat to our front doooorrrr
;o i bet u can do betta then that : ) takes some time : ) Im suckish at math..i use to get c's in math now i get b's : )
sunny day out so happy
Fried pickles before shift. Niceness .. Love my bullies babe
Any CA peeps need a gallery installation or help getting your prints up? will be in SJ 2/1-2.
I cannot stop listening to I Am Second by the Everytime it comes on I push repeat at least 3 times! Awesome song!
come on let me take u :)
Thanks to everyone who made it out to hear Mr. Gary Perlin (SFS '72) speak this afternoon!
Absolutely RT survival rate nt changing in 2 decades, I think people would think it had changed by a lot.
Too much happening all at once..
Wasn't that Kelly Clarkson? Ha..
But seriously, yours sounds like the opposite of despair & misery. & I don't know exactly wht it is bt I need some Sichuanbacon.
Going out tonight no laying up watching hbo 
Congrats to Rich Peverley and the Bruins! Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Looking forward to PRSA's luncheon today: Ted Ballweg from the Alliant Energy Center speaks about event based PR!
higher swagger factor w/ G35. But the 350z has more mod options. Personally I'd get the G35 and slap hoes with it haha
Apparently Parmesan cheese is good on brownies, just ask Lily!
I didn't notice you were on Twitter. Yay!
Beyonce et. al : today's Barbie dolls, discarded by age and fading vocal chords. Wooers of the crowd ;and as Spanish bullfighters say : the
RT : Christian Bale said he would not play the part of Batman if Robin appeared anywhere in the trilogy.
just be confident and don't be shy, cause they hate shy ppl! Be spirited too!
Thanking my mom for bringing me into the world today ;)
I downloaded the cracked version lol
never make a bet in pasos
Wonderful things are happening at www.patrickscatering.com
Oh ok u cool tho?
I HAVE THE BATTERY! hahahah yes
Nice dinner & family time; now's its time for drinks :-)
Hooray!! Just found out I work at 12p tomorrow, not 11a!! xD
aye you gone learn today
That green olive dip is so easy, and delicious - especially for a dip with challah.
jailed by twitter again :(
There is nothing more soothing than the sound of rain and Netflix on a Sunday night.
oh how nice!! I look forward
hi Rob, thanks for following!
"Umm, would you take a picture with me? You're so great."
Congrats on the funding-well done!
Dames (1934) at #TIL "I Only Have Eyes for You" was originally written for this film!
I had to "drag" a few of em the only thing they could try to get me wit was kim then when they figured out I really wasn't
No more NewMSI? I guess we aren't really "new" anymore.
Hahahahah yes!and the hallway!(;
JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!! and after some time hopefully , too!!!!!!!!
Loves how much people lack having any faith in me at all.
- remember to log your times in Freshbooks! Sent via
omg im so ashaemd
Seeing Nick Passio play Shoulder to the Wheel the other night at Geoff Rickly's show really made me wanna see
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. ~ Margaret Fuller
#BoyzOnEllen .... We need her to see this ♥
Irondequoit and Sodus locations will be open Saturday if you need us. Have a great weekend everyone!
Fell victim to the Subway cookie trap this morning. How am I supposed to say no to fresh baked cookies? SO delicious before 10 am.
Each lovely second add up to make a beautiful life.
we already had our launch party. Our site should be up in the next day or so
Going to Seattle tomorrow. Suggestions for things to do?
'And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy / I guess I'm getting high off my own supply' I wish Dre would do this more often.
No I wasn't part of that, but should be down there. My next event is in June.
Sanchez gets extension making him 7th highest paid QB in the league
We directed and produced a music video today... That was unexpected!
WOOT! Real World PR Conference, here I come! Excited!!
Yea and fast speech RT : that and facial expressions...nervous twitches...sporadic hand movements
Nw one for the money
Not a thing wrong w/ that sir!!!
So how close do you think you'll be to hitting that May 1 opening?
Just joined an acting casting company to do some background work. Should be interesting.
good evening to all twitters!!~
girls don't text first boys suppose to text first so gettch some
Today 1919: Wladziu Valentino Liberace was born in the Milwaukee suburb, West Allis. At 14 he debuted as a soloist for the Chicago Symphony
lights are working on miramar rd
Lord have mercy! What's a brotha to do? I can't even enjoy my memories now. WTF Lark? :(
really nice! Pretty humid though. Are you in Texas?
RT : Thanks to & for sponsoring !
o sorry to hear that I thought it was 1 of our friends kids that's why I asked
Just got a google reminder that will be in town tomorrow! Very excited!!
PS Whitney rules the school.
BRGO IS GONNA RUN HARD FOR THR NEXT FEW WEEKS! Q3 FINS ARE EXPECTED TO PRINT WITHIN THR NEXT TWO WEEKS! BRGO 10
: "Please take me to Macy's, I have no clothes for tonight. If no one takes me, I'm not going out!!!" <--- uhh what????
Following back: HELLO!!! ;p
A. Chapman reaches 103mph on radar gun at game!
thanks, you are so helpful! I'm still at work, debating when to drive home.
This weekend is really sucking!! I miss him to much!!<3/:
/// YEZZIRR! RT : chopped it up w/ today. #thelasthope is in the fullest effect. stay tuned..
Do u think Starks is going 2b a weapon (even after grants 1st good week) vs.denver or do I go with Benson or is he losing momentum
#ItsInsaneHow I'm always thinking about you
Rope swings>>
My last retweet in order of occurrence... , , , and :)
26 percent must have overdrawn checking accts.
Is this a trick question? No, it's not three days. It's not even two, unless I am not mathing correctly.
bigg is what???
I feel better :)
would love to see that!
Nothing from the Spring comes out until late May, and June. They always release stuff after the season is over.
Ready to kick some butt tonight in the Volleyball tourney
skipped graphic lab today you proud?
It's creepy how much that looks like my cousin!
NY Jet Coach Rex Ryan
Paranormal Investigation with & July 2 Space VERY limited Call Monica 414/218-2202
it's going but right now I'm visiting the greater Dresden/Martin area lol
Not watching but sounds like Wilton grabbed his balls and said NO MAS to Hanley.
I just realized I forgot ur cupcake! Im so tuuuupid!!!! :(
Listening 2 J. Cole n chilling in this ratchet ass hotel
This dam test smh
Woke up with Hall & Oates on the brain. Out of touch...
: nothing like a free cup of coffee, but nothing better then a good cup of coffee!
Get to work
#EBUS118 Send me a Direct Message with your Twitter username and actual name - Start your What's Happening box with DM meersman to begin
My breath smells like some nasty cheese cake I just ate..
They do the wave at Turner Field.
Acme Hotdogs has spectacular Butter Sugar Cookies made by Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., north of Morse
. Customer service is SO bad.
Have an amazing time at Colorado State Finals! Good luck to you and all the other teams!
do u have a feel for the breakdown of first time scripts to refills for an average pharmacy? Avg Wait times?
u n me both!!
Today, I was sitting next to Vicer and listening to music. <333 c:
Arts and crafts with mom Made my 1st duct tape pen^_^
Opportunity is knocking for men, women need a ring..
Dude. Great work.
a foo tell dem folks at tuner field bout me i went up there bt the man wun there
Smart women who want to slap me...Twitter's kind of like being married only without all the paperwork or in-laws.
And freeze warning tonight.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ughh, i never wanna get up in the morning -__-
mhmmm :( but it will be nice to relax!
8 hour birthing class today. Chair is killing me. Can only imagine how my wife feels. Ughh
Myth: hair grows after you die.
Hope u & ur lovely wife had a great opening of tonite! I have a few friends in it too. Can't wait to see it!
Why the tension!!
Partying w/ it's her Birthday.....it's a celebration Bitches!!
Not the asshole part, no.
Americans worry about Human Rights in other lands while they Torture and Slaughter Native immigrant children likes rats on theBorder!
I still have my old one, and it's more suited for dj'ing anyway. Don't think I won't bring it in. ;)
World peace right back in the middle of drama again! So much for
i'd actually rather have low-fat frozen yogurt right now... RT : getting #bacon?
Check out coffeenate's blog really cool for us coffee lovers!
Springsteen & Rod Stewart both sound to me like they are forcing themselves to get enough air to sing.
what are the plans today
I know! You're so bossy! I feel bad for !
": Is it lame that I'm STILL smiling from that 93% on my math midterm? Even if it is idc I worked & studied HARD I deserve this A
YEEE no school for me!
What's up with this pacers game!
LE FAINTS. GAAAAAAH I LOVE YOU TOO BOO BEAR!! <33333 :)
Just put a rhubarb/berry crumble into the oven, my very FIRST recipe ever using rhubarb
Kevin and David's soundcheck is #nerdmayhem - going to be a terrific show tonight! 7:30p at Vogel Hall, -
Exciting things happening on #blackfriday!
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown Dallas Yeah
Repudiate your murder threats and your namecalling friends, and I will.
Are you by any chance acquainted with ? He's right now tweeting about his idea for a "Timehouse" magazine.
I want to be righteous like Abraham n Noah so I can live a couple hundred years serving the lord.
Happy bday to our boy the jon jon
I hate waking up alone :'3
SCISSORS ~ You're awesome! I love talking to you! & I love your way of being! I love your icon too!♡
iPad giveway tonight during the NCAA Championship, must be present to win!
RT : So thankful we participated & met so met so many nice people Baby Shower event.
anytime honored to serve ok's kids with you!
The facial hair on the left side of my face thinks I'm 14, the facial hair on the right side thinks I'm 17. The problem is I'm 22.
The relaxing tea is piping hot and we're ready for Happy (ness) Hour! Stop by from 4-6 today and recharge with some ear acupuncture.
I think I'm a convert to with honey. SO GOOD.
“: I AM SO READY FOR BARCELONA!!! is June 15th - 17th … who else wants to go with and I? I wish I could.
Classic RT : t.r.o.y. *cue the horns*
so all we have to worry about is slick roads tomorrow from the snow?
Sure thing :-)
A Pick and then the FUMBLE #GopackGo destroy this.
Thursday, Thursday, Thursday.
ur dad worked his ass off and so did ur step dad u had sex on film with ray j now ur famous get real and off tv
naw I was just fucking wit you
haha chillinnn, bouta get ready for work ;/ what you up to?
i hear your in london! luck lucky them! hope to see you in bmore soon
Oil spil is my jam. That lady is a trippy little hippie
ditto on not knowing anyone who owns a Revolution Money card.
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
Are Magazines on the same path as books? - User generated tech ...
with compass yeaa I just have to get an 86 in class but with my absences idk :/
my life is not my own. Lord I will go where YOU want me to go and do what YOU want me to do. Daddy, I trust YOU.
#6000th tweet! Woot woot I like to thank my mom for having me lol.😂
i wanna learn to play guitar, bass & drums && scream lol
Now we can say that all good things come to and end,but we know each other way too well to pretend
at least mine has an optin for bagel ;)
Thank goodness it is Friday. I am ready for a weekend of margaritas by the pool!
Call the trademark lawyers! I think we can win thisF!
if Kat's not busy I hope she can come. .___.
Can't wait to see what the sing-along will be!
they have women's too.
Will is making us listen to megadeath. Double door in chicago tonight! Totes excited
I DONT EVEN CARE IF IT RAINS! YOLO. hahahaha
tuesday meeting! tonight, fourth floor, 8pm!
Vlad and Morgana have been using my AP page, Teemo my AD page.
Does RG3 think that punting stats are going to put him over the top for the Heisman?
my vote is Garrard.
I am loving this 90s station. Only thing I miss about the past!
i enjoy long romantic walks to the Refrigerator
I don't get H2!! Good move history channel
"It is not outrageous to hypothesize that competition would have continued to flourish" isn't a very strong conclusion.
► You can't use a pitchfork to unload a truckload of bowling balls.
Very nice but it would've been just as easy to draw both.
Sometimes you have to get out of LA. Thank you Warren, now back to the real world!
I need Bryce Avary in my life again.
textbook just got stolen while i was upstairs getting coffee
- they're like Macs. They don't fail. LoL
Watched your youtube video.. lol. Very funny!
I'm really enjoying THOMAS BECKET - very readable history of the life story
I wana swim!!
RT #browns Weeden: "I've always been kind of a natural thrower. It's in my blood." -> , know what this makes him?
where are we drinking tonight ppl?
needs a location in Austin. My favorite store & I'm nowhere near one
Smart idea, bring the heavenly scent into the house!
😂😂your retarded! RT : iRemember playin hide n seek when iWas younger. I was OSAMA BIN LADEN on a scale from 1-Osama! lol
No slice, just a hook! RT : gambling at Bushwood is illegal and Brian never slices
I'm impressed with my first order! They fit really well, shipping was sooner than expected and price was on spot. Thank you!
HEYY go follow and check out his clothing (Y)
Heading over to the MMA Gym for my 4 day a week Muay Thai Training.
Would you like to host a Pure Romance party in Nov? I'm donating a % of the sales to a fam in need for the holidays"
cool! Freshman or Jv?
they have confused #preds like I have never seen in a few hundred games. Don't seem to have any answers. Wed. will b interesting
Ya Session=Rising Star. Curious if Angerer would hold up health wise on strong side. Team seems to like Kavell Conner too rite?
who do you like in the BCS Championship?
If you are in Nashville and really want to treat yourself today, Puckett's downtown has brisket.
#Movie fact of the week: Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves
Dallas is hot; Fuse is hot; You have to be hot too! Let's cool off with Fuse Mojitos...under the covered deck with misters!
Thank you so much for the RT!
I'm not innocent.. I was drunk.. I'll admit it but I'm over it.. so is my best friend but my friend is plastered and I'm scared for her.
Nat'l Kiss Day??? who makes this stuff up? pucker up baby!
Would it be cool if I msg you right now? RT for yes! (:
Orders of the day coming from Angelica Demopoulos in Denver and homegrown Nicki Vorlorb. Awesome last names.
Whoop whoop! RT": Fucking finally Mimi is twenty one. It's about damn time, I love that woman."
WEDNESDAYS = $1 Rumplemintz Shots & $2.50 Import Bottles! TOMORROW is Pizza & Pitcher Night - Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
not nearly as lucky as Big Show. Nash nearly killed him delivering the same move.
i think i finally figured it out. If you wanna check it out go to aaronfryklund.com to the works page. It's reading from mysql
If I get 1.000 Followers I'll Make a Follow Back on <3 You Can tell me a Number, how much I should follow
Early indicators of impact & engagement in personal learning tools are promising, says
"Many of the reviews are unprintable, displaying a scatological humour of the sort long championed by cult comic Viz."
hey shugga...tweet tweet:-)
Trend? Next wave of #IPOs is enterprise #software companies #paloaltonetworks … Press panel
Start your internet presence today! with our $75 per page website design services
Kendall would you like to make My wish come true & follow me :) <3
Sotomayor asks if AZ's position is that no one can face immigration ?'a unless an officer first has probable cause for arrest.
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective. Their English book descriptions = priceless. Is "teutonically lush" a thing?
MSU Libraries concentrate its Chicano/Latino materials from Michigan and Midwest -- D.Riviera
Still-angry Francona Won&#39;t Attend Fenway Park&#39;s 100th Birthday ...
RT : Grover Here are some things that are prickly:a cactus.A porcupine.And my Aunt Mathilda before she has her morning coffee.
Listening to One Direction and typing up Chapter three of my fanfic. The link is on my page if you would like to read it
Slow jams
I hate block schedualing .
Thankful this week ends Thursday with friends & family for the weekend. Just what I need before classes start again Monday
hey can you follow me your my idol i love you #wecanallmakeachange. oh and do you have facebook cuz there is so many posers?
sales associates are still human!
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink? Bartender says "for you, no charge"!
haha u want that quick put on.. That's the only reason ppl listen to that d-bag
FOODS THAT HEAL: FOODS THAT HEAL- ... Your Price: $5.00. GARLIC HEALING POWERS. Average Rating, 0 Review(s). Your Price: $10.00. CHLO...
Finishing high school is going to be the strangest feeling
My cat would scratch my left hand/wrist area -___- now ppl are gonna yell at me... I didn't do it :/
Every time my companion died, I just loaded the latest autosave. Lemme guess, was it your Whiterun housecarl?
tbh I'm not a fan of 'fact checking' future-looking statements. How can u fact check what hasn't happened yet?
That makes 2 of us :)
hehe, nah, you're a good girl, need to teach me your shopping
Call for reservations., 702.632.9095. TOPTIONAL weekend planned! and banging dem turntables!
Your site�s search engine rankings will dramatically improve with article writing
Please reply to my tweet: it is better to give than to receive! :-D
Can't wait till I graduate!
MWAH! (I love that word :) Big hugs for a beautiful day doll!
u looked surprised when said BITCH :]
This is why I don't like dating people
Tht was a short tribute but I loved it....now here come the pink Barbie messing up the flow
you used to
haha you know I get that B-roll! I made him look good!
ok, this Gritty Goat video is finally coming to life! yes
Listening to Eminem makes me anxious to play football
#tedxusc is reminding me how much I like science.
why is age magazine reporting that Yauch was 48?
Because we have no bottled water, the dudes wife said "this is the 3rd day without human consumption water." Then she said "what the F*ck"?
I had phone miss functions lol
I don't even know if I should wear jeans or shorts today. Sigh.
at 24k- i day left before suite200 opens! living up the last few days of glory
Gotta roll wit da G-Unit based off stats. Nuff said...
Thanks for the chuckle about the woodchuck made my day
Someone wanna help a buddy out and get me sum more followers
ALALALALAA.. MY BIRTHDAY'S ON SATURRDAY. ;D
have you worked with us before? Would love to have you in for a tasting!
We will be connected forever bcs of that song.
Kudos for raising $5126.10 for the this weekend at Raise the Roof at U of Nebraska!
OMG this last 1.5 of work is like
People are walking too slow
He's on 5 Commercials rest.
Around 300 people at Epic' Easter Egg Hunt! It rocked. Will put pictures up later. Don't miss next weeks message "Genie In a Bottle"
36-and-under is national, yes. A few states even define membership at Democrats under the age of 40.
Sure! Hit me!
golf tees cheap
I <3 the women !
Asked to define a Conservative, most Floridian Republican voters gave the same answer: "We're very conservative with our pigment."
watching The Ellen Show right now! I fucking love her. ;)
It's time to share with us! Where do you guys find your biggest inspiration in dance?
Blows my mind how I lost weight on the day I purposely ate wreck less on some White Castle. I've got super gas too. 😏
When you show love, show 1 Corinthians 13:7 kind of love. You'll be doing everything for someone else's benefit, not just yours.
You have to multi - task. JK
Sometimes we have to lose what we thought we wanted to find what we never imagined we could have.
Ayo im tellin you when i see poor people or homeless people struggling i cant do nothin but feel sorry for them
Good luck babybabybooboo!!!
as sure as the sun will rise so too will the badgers come away with a victory tonight
I guess. I really just dont want to be wined and dined before getting a procto exam.
I hate twitter thugs like GTFO !!!
DANIEL IS SO RUDE k bye xD lololol
I'm Back!
hey sexy! I'm fine. Just acting. Whats new?
What's a good phone to get? Preferably not a smart phone??
That's great. So SM forgave the loan?
To make a difference is not a matter of accident, a matter of casual occurrence of the tides. People choose to make a difference. -Maya...
Lia Would you eva F' wit me?? Real SHIT??
Congratulations to and for winning the inaugural Davin Wilfrid Award for focused, engaged attendees.
S/Ok to the OH so BAD!... Really
hey guys!! Hope y'all had a great weekend! Good night!!
Just may be the BEST #keylimepie I have ever made!
and I are on the way to photograph Jason & Ofelia's wedding!
Goodnight to my amazing #RusherFamily iloveyou guys!!
Fun fact: 118 NBA players took an SI survey on who the dirtiest player in the league is. KG tied for second w/ Artest. Reggie Evans got 1st
How did he pick you Shirl? Drawing straws or was it names in a hat?
Happy Fourth Of July to Everyone..Have a Safe Holiday!!!!!!!!
classy and sassy!
Everyone follow for me? (:
i saved the lizard but now the cat is having an existential crisis.
North Carolina's uniforms are straight
Goodnight <3 Tommy!! =)
sorry to hear about this, is here to help
gotta pee.. lmboo
How do the Seattle #Seahawks make the NFL playoffs @ 7-9 & the Oakland #Raider do not @ 8-8. That just shows how week the NFC is this year.
#Follow some good friends of mine
#FF (other Compacts):
You are welcome. We shall do it again. Naps always help refresh.
Ooh, thank you, ! Very cool graphic for reflection with mobile devices.
Aww thank you so much!!! everyone plzzzz follow!! <<<<<
33 years old...going to be 34 in August
haha okay! I just wanted to make sure. (:
Check out Shades of Grey by Jasper Fforde. It's one of the best books I've read in quite a while.
Visited the Panther Effigy Mound in Governor Nelson State Park today - skiing was a little too icy, but the sunshine was glorious.
Good defensive play by Jurcina to separate Jagr from the puck behind the #Isles net
RT I hate black people k baby ....u hate US because u wont to be like us
I guess I should go vacuum out my car...
Thank you! It actually turned out great! We had quite a few people and everyone seemed to like the cake, lol!
Give a man a blintz, and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to blintz ...
love the jumps up and down - we'll be doing some jumping around that night to keep warm, too! ;)
Lost my wallet, like really?
We'll pick up the #revideo chat next week with a discussion on real estate video distribution strategy and tactics!
4 hours!!!and counting
Perfect weather for groovin on the patio. Enjoy sounds of the 60s. Vintage cocktails served. 2nite
That Mills guy played good on tonight's game. Spurs take another win.
Does Christina ever wear pants anymore? lol
Voter drive marathon weekend!
#ASOT550 From all your friends in Chicago, IL USA
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest in AIG?
My mom put a link to a post on Facebook - that is a sign of high praise!
WTF SO AM I
If you're a small biz..get a free website tomorrow at Ambridge Events Ctr. Google will give you a site for a year. 7:30a-2p.
Spring officially arrived in Charlotte at 1:14 am. Oh, how I have longed for you ... Welcome back!
can i please geta follow back boo i showd too much luv lastnight fo ya boo str8 VIP section
**singing**Oh my love, a thousand kisses are never enough.
working for the man late tonight...ugh!
New : Saturday Sips. Sat afternoons, join us & our fave wine pros for a few sips. Anything we taste is 15% off! TODAY 2pm-4pm
Miss thang stay on twitter when she know she needs to be studying. --->
right. This is really maybe the worst story I've heard since the ferret ate off all that baby's fingers and toes.
Yay! Great show! ": Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!! Thank you NBC!!"
if u follow me I would be the happiest girl ever on earth
i LOVE you
not per month!
Life Geos On
#DrunkTexting again are you?
Thank you!
I don't think Hannah's beating Sammy anytime soon so Debbie once again you can leave
Is there a legit reason the timbers used their '3rd kit' ?
sigh shoot. New avi
preach it sistaa😊👍
Well it was good working with ya then, enjoy jail! ha ha
When you're doing the work that you were meant to do, it feels right & everyday is a bonus regardless of what you're getting paid. -Oprah
I personally don't trust them. I like it. Also does this mean that maybe Bell created them or obviously knows their weaknesses 2/2
Awkward time in Sunday school already... :-/
Love is one long sweet dream, and marriage is the alarm clock.
RT You're most welcome! Let us know if you get a chance to try it out.
hey hows it going bb on in a lil bit
follow he follows back
that sounds really good.
updated the look on my blog. Now if only I can remember to update the blog
“: Six o'clock comes way to fast” completely agree.
At an EPA workshop on connecting mobile/internet apps with air pollution sensors. Lots of discussion around making complex data usable.
well I was judging on performance and they both give an awesome performance with dancing and singing simultaneously
I know #Bills fans split on VY. But I truly believe he gives team much better chance to win game if Fitz is hurt than Tyler Thigpen.
Would like to let u know that I'm going to marry :) will send invites soon <3
Why is it so cold?
help trend
Dang, well when i see you again ill pray for you. this time super hard.
Meh... gave French Canadian poker one final go this afternoon and broke about even. On to drinks and poutine!
i always say i'm gonna try & get on here more but i never do ): i miss you guys<3
even #ModernFamily is getting tired it seems…
Dear people that built this house, WHY would you put a window in my restroom!? Sincerely, it feels like someone's watching..
I just saw the strangest John Stamos commercial about Greek yoghurt.
Im sorry. Im allergic to things that make me look like a complete idiot.
99.94% of the time he is. This was the 0.06% he isn't.
There was money on the table with the bricks
My finger is literally throbbing.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. But here's my number so call me maybe (? E
Maybe they were zombies.
we were just out there and it was way too hot for me lol nothing like that heat out there maybe u should move to denver:)
I can't live without y̶o̶u̶. FOOD. Sincerely, your stomach.
#tiptwist Tip Twist #1:GROCERIES: Don’t Assume Generic is Always Cheaper.
ohh, sure it is! :D haha
Be yourself, its the only way of being and feeling beautiful ! <3
He who dreams of greatness will only find greatness in his dreams
I know it's the end bit Taylor is full of crap she knows what she said and Lisa even knew that she must have said something!
Our ideas, like orange-plants, spread out in proportion to the size of the box which imprisons the roots. - Edward Bulwer Lytton
Adding the final touches to another muralistic print.
3 hits, 0 earned runs, and 40k's in my last 21 innings
Even if you only have 30 min to spare, you can get in a good workout and feel better for having done so!
Catching up on Castle...
Watching "Bring It On" :) HELL YEAH!
RT : RT : What are the most common mistakes that training designers make?
werd me too. I got exams all next week then I'm done.. U get to ride in the new whip
you comin out this way this weekend
#Yaay... lunch deal it is!! Is beach in the plans??
This guy that looked EXACTLY like Maika Maile just came in. If I didn't see his ID I seriously would've bet money it was him.
Its funny to find someone you understand so well, and yet find you are absolutely without interest. Oh, I love you... but I ain't going.
If you are looking for a book to read during an intermission I recommend the epic fantasy WIZARD'S FIRST RULE by Terry Goodkind.
Seeing at tonight!
Just received the new issue of Chief Content Officer magazine - another fantastic effort from the #CMI - #CCOmag team! Really proud
Last big pre- meeting before Only 3 days to go!
Damn forgot to ask to sign my shirt all the way from TX. Had a blast at event and hanging out with ya afterwards. Thanks.
Big Baby! Lol RT : *goin to bed* *folds arms, makes face, stomps away and slams door*
I definitely see the misleading nature of tht tweet now that you point it out tho, altho I believe the original posters message
Shit is going down at Meeker.
LMFAO. RT : Poor yunnie wife. That monster has got to hurt like a bitch. Kiss ur 25 kids goodbye
I feel like knowing facts help you to know Himself better though
Lord, we see the poorest of the poor living among us and we will not look away
My 8 year old nephew telling me about his soccer game tomorrow: "I don't like early games because I like to ease into my mornings"
Thanks for the mention, Gene! Have a great week!
Do we ever look at the effectiveness of using tech in teaching? Do we measure it?
O yeah stop in for $5.00 pizzas and $3.00 cans RT : Bears play tonight!!! :)
Mass Effect 3 in a word: EPIC!
follow me
I'm glad I'm single Lol. Cause now that I have a job I don't have to spoil anyone but myself ^.^
i kno you guys dated and all but, that kid is a dick, and ur NOT
That happens?! RT : Is anyone else having a problem with #cruise lines that poach your clients when they re-book on board?
I can already tell it's going to be a horrible day :/
If your single n u know clap yur hands
what time do we leave that day?
>> Thanks Kate for the follow. Sorry I missed you @ #140cuse. It was spectacular.
If you've never heard or seen me cry, you're not close enough to me. If you want to hear or see me cry, you're a bad person.
pryor burns uo early, but limping noticeably
Wow!!!!! Surreal. Back in NYC for first time in 4 months!!!
What happened to the good weather?? :( typical Chicago summer...
Caught an infectious laugh on the street.
So jealous, Max! They're amazing.
#belowtheline #LBL caffeine withdrawl as well but worth it all by nxt Monday!
Oh my gosh, I am so embarrassed for the students whose mothers call me in the office to fix their school inconveniences...
OH CRAP ITS SUNDAY
Thanks for the great link. I shared it with all my friends.
I'm playing with my band Exohxo at the w/ Bells (SF) and Cold Water Theater tonight. 5260 University Way NE. Door at 9pm!
Today, I will be doing a private reading of my latest work "Blue Mountain Queen: A Story of Nanny of the Jamaican Maroons." Quite a journey.
- I am game. I will bring Lincoln and we can just put a fence around our row!
This afternoon I pick up my elder kids after church, so they can join our Seder. This is a complicated century. (Happy holidays, everyone.)
Oh yeah...that's one of mine, too! LOL!
“: tongue down her throat while da other bitch gagin” ew..
Congrats to client Haruki Nakamura on signing a 3 year deal with the Carolina Panthers this morning.
hell nah
I may have to check the photo archives. I recall the mittmans of weathervane way all jets fans!
oh feel better soon :(
You haven't tweeted about how blessed you are recently.. i love you!
i'm going to reward myself for making great progress on my fitness goals by watching the princess diaries. then maybe playing some zelda.
Thanks for the follow Happy Hump Day!
Thanks 4 stopping by! #cheese “: Hangin w booth. I need more cheese in my life! Baked Parm crispiness!
i will baby do everything
“: November is going to be an expensive month for gamers #$$$$” So true!!!
gotta pee again? That'll teach you!
So Kanye is dropping a new movie next week....Watch that movie be garbagely artistic & his stans would claim its the best thing ever
Unfortunately it comes with sharp little teeth!
so glad you could join us and that the Twitter team already has a NASCAR fan!
Protesters against the liberal media are already gathered at the Hilton ready with posterboards.
"THAT DUDE WAS JUST TOO DAMN LAZY!" bahahahahahaha
So much homework this weekend -__-
Hey Maurice! Thanks for the follow!
Lovely visit! Nice meeting your mom. Have fun at the Art Institute is my fave!
that RT vastly changed what I said and intended-you should clarify that.
considering I filled it out in 2 minutes and went for crazy upsets, I wasn't expecting greatness haha lol
Don't forget to RSVP to our Prez if you plan on attending the Chivas event on April 21st.
Wally Bell's got his coin out to determine the close one's again.
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
Cannot wait for #PrettyLittleLiars tonight!! ❤
it's been ages since I've been stung, but from what I remember... it's no fun >:(
i like your new backround & icon (:
Obama already planning re-election bid. This is the problem with politicians. How about focusing on doing your job, not keeping it!!!
My coolest posts are reserved for the sanctity that is facebook!
If its hot this weekend I wanna go to the lake w my baby and girlfriend
For all of our friends in Utah, I hope you are having a great 24th of July ... or Pioneer Day.
Yeah kinda, but Jonas are better.
Justin Has Beautiful Eyes♥.♥
yes, when can I next pepper you with overly personal questions?
I'd margarita with you, but I'm a state away in GA...
#IWannaKnowWhy Tank Tops aren't considered office attire.
oh dear. i just. #iCant Don't act above it! Velveeta is a staple. :)
not sure man. Hopefully soon.
Startup Trail - game for learning how to run and manage a startup - excited for this one, used to be hooked on oregon trail
link doesn't work!
Vote for Beyonce... i mean Bon Jovi, sorry beyonce's always on my mind.
Carrot cake or coconut pie for Thanksgiving?
gorgeous ensemble!
Today reached a milestone -- 1000 followers! Thank YOU for following this Twitterfeed on Jews, the arts, and Jewish culture.
S/O To All My Followers, Thanks For The Support
I had coffee Patron just now and it was SICK! Never again. I don't want my hair to grow anymore
“: Bros graduation tonight!” hey I'll be there too! Did you know that?
Dude. Dude. You guys. I'm like, dying for a cupcake. /munchietalk.
Totes have room Maggie! :) ^dr
You have to use #slapam because the hyphen causes the pam part to be dropped. I'll see you later.
Dang just when I go to tweet stops RT :|
I wouldn't mind a summer romance. 
it will just be like minor withdrawals !“: just left me for an extended period of time. NO!!!! #StarburstPal”
That means more dollar bills in
I woke up to Green fog this morning & thought "We're really getting into St Paddy's Day." Then I realized it's not green on purpose
I'm bout to vote right now cuz!!!
that is because you didn't wait until the crowd left- I'll give you one ;-) Tell me size and style - I love longtime fans!
Brooks Conrad is older than me.
att. Mike Neal right?
sweet and your from the bay area even better. I will hit u up with more details when I figure out what song to do and when
friends- what r we, chopped liver? Nah, have fun, enjoy it. don't get alt. sickness and have a #newbelgium Fat Tire for me.
see you soon!
This is one of the best known free gift card offers around and please read the fine print but yes, it is the real thing
Is there a disease that makes you hungry every second of your life? Cause I have that.
Wow!!! My Angels sign Pujols!!! Can we please get some starting pitching now?
4/28/1788->Rochambeau:I wish the affairs of France to be on footing which would enable her to be the arbiter of peace to neighboring nations
I deactivated my account. And it shows its still on but I'm not getting on it
My family is having a full blown out argument over my sister paying 4 spray tanning..like shut the fuck up there are bigger problems in life
I want to make a porno with you! \(>o<}/
you got it. Lets do this afternoon.
good luck my man. Even though I picked Atlanta, I'm pulling for the G-Men.
That is awesome
My room really needs a record player...
May simply be a case of "too little, too late." Yet, Obama hasn't done much to help his cause w record # of deportations during term.
congrats!!! Miss you at meeting.
sounds awesome!
Driving with your left foot is a lot harder than I imagined.
That's too funny! I can envision the student doing just what was described... Great stuff.
Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D
Pray for japan
Shouldn't be a problem now, we just changed the beta so it's open, no password required to create an account
Come see Linda's latest creations and get on her list for workshops -- wish her HAPPY BIRTHDAY while you're at it!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Many of the faults you see in others are your own nature reflected in them." ~Rumi
Will do, thanks a lot!!
is actively iso a PT job on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD. Got a lead?
MT: : Matteo Gulfi: "Natural wine is vinegar." >>Let's hear some other voices! What do YOU think?
good on you! Let your dog poo all over your own property without picking it up but leaving it on public property? Not cool.
yes. Excellent way to boost revenues
I need to play golf soon
thanks! It's rainy in Miami. Boo. :(
You can get books and many other products from Amazon
Oh my goodness! Just read the first 6 pages of J&L to Libby - she was completely enthralled! Now she's wishing on a star! Wow! So exciting!
should join for our pilot launch! We love social media friendly bars. Free advertising and marketing for you. DM for info!
whats the spot in vegas to club?? me and the homies going out there in july from houston & we dont do sushi!
the rap genre has been reinvented for the better.
my att contract ends 10292011... you can bet i'll be thinking of switching.
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're filiming that a picture too. Vote for actors
Bring your A game if u want A results
Thanks for the mentions! Have a great day!
Snow should be tapering off by 9am with upto 1" slushy accum. on non-concrete surfaces. It will all melt by this PM with temps near 40°
If you are a CEO or president and need a top-notch e coach, consider a #Vistage group and get coaching-squared
What is the music of the day? I'm feeling
I've never seen such tenacity in all my life.
SAME. :D
Caught in the rain with my coogi on. Coconut shrimping gimlet sipping. where u at yoga man
loved our coffee date! Can't wait for the next!
so excited to have you at the treehouse! Ohm shanti
- I suppose I'll keep your dang gift now. Since you wrote on it . . .
#wiright now shameless attacking Kris Barrett, ignores the fact that she, and thousands of other teachers in WI, were laid off bc of Walker
": thank you I need it" De nada focus trust your self and you will succeed go get it Naz
supports the cause to find and bring Joseph Kony to justice
follow me when you get online #muchlove for you <3 <3 <3 <3!! follow me!!
Just bro'd down real quick with Curt Morgan of Nicest. Dude. EVER. Not a bad filmmaker either =)
in Soviet Russia, Internet KICK you!
Thanks for reporting from the party !!! You are the BEST !!
Expect BIG announcement on Monday focusing on "turnaround-arts" to help low performing schools using
Never liked her, Never will. Fuck it at this point keep him. He's shown what his priorities really are. I'm amazed Pussy really is power.
Wonder what kind of birthday list the founder of must have? Hope your special day is all that & more !
It's on itunes just search mercury in summer mixtape, it'll pop up right away :)
I had SO much to do tonight. Did nothing but watch hockey.
"homeland" as in Showtime? LOVE IT.
district taco for lunch? Yum
"Son, stay away from fast women and slow horses." -wise words of Daddy Dee
thunder storm.! im scared! :/
RT : If you have a smart phone, we'll have a mobile site ready for you soon
Did I really turn down going out tonight ?
oh totally. I think House and Witchfinder General were his most villainous roles. Also Mask of Red Death. Can't forget that.
what ya mean?
I heard the most ratchet song ever yesterday. lol
Off 2 work, Gurr I hate working the late shift:(
i love that song! I sing to it on the radio. We could be singing it at the same time. Who knows? :P
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its innate limits and challenges.
Lots of LONG flyballs out there tonight...that park may even be able to contain type power!
Failure is necessary to succeed.
Florence + The Machine is SOLD OUT Apr 28 Don't worry, has your tix THIS HR
Happy Wednesday and Hump Day to all!
Happy #friday!!! Fun weekend ahead.
DARK PAST, BRIGHT FUTURE!
Tool a cool dip in the freezing Atlantic ocean today!! Love vacation...
really?! Already! Ha
Mayz KY map post index city demographics weather forecasts and the index of search Mayz KY of local weather conditio :-)
is always chomping at e bit to try new things, but remembers that priority is student learning.
RT : i agree - SM has turned aqauintences/contacts into "friends". Not accurate in my mind
happy b day
lol this is a funny joke
even doe we fuss i love my daddy!
aww....same to u...u the only girl that look good in Blonde!!!
Are Zebra Cakes still a thing?
Feel free to marry us as a whole, it wouldn't be weird at all. Happy birthday🎉
Thinking about watching Red State. Anyone recommend it??
He was mad as shit he dropped his ice cream like he turned over a car ctfu
I fxing love this band. They are the best band ever period. Ladies and GENTLEMEN! TENACIOUS D!
there u go with that lil bro mess again
Nope. Not at all. Just an observation.
i hope there's beer when you get home!
So...Ryan O'Neal bowed out. Do we have a surprise replacement? If so, I'm betting on Chelsie Hightower and Michael Stag!
LOL.. Too funny..
You did WHAT for HOW MANY jellybeans?! Damn........
sounds like typical Bailey to me lol
. Some of my best memories of after high school involve working with Christopher Knight (Rand) at WKHQ.
WAS FINA SLIDE OUT BUT FUCK IT GET HI NIGHT AT HIDDEN GROVE WITH THE BRU CEELO NIGGA GOT HEAD AKE. BT SHIT FUCKS WITH ME IF ENY ON CELLY
Thanks for the post Gary.
Follow RT I bet Rick Santorum has "accommodated Boehner" more than once.
what a nice compliment! Thank you Jeremy :)
#GCB I can't stop laughing!
Wake up in the Morning feeling like JBieber, get my glasses, do the hair flip, I'm gonna spread the fever
just sent some beats get at me
that's good, I been well alo, my daughter is 2 already crazy how time flies!!
good night..xoxo
Rumors at #DEVRY are pointless. The females are scandalous hoes and the guys work at getting they dick wet. No surprises there.
lol I see.
but now you know what cars to trash.....
You're welcome! I hope it's a great turnout. :)
They are going to run into the beginning of the #FrenchOpen !
Sunday is almost here! Cant wait to see you at Urban Flow. It will be just like old times- but NEW. Its filling up, Om Namah Shivaya!
Mumbling is just another word for people who try to say I love you
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage...you were one of my faves!
its too painfull its tragic but if i say itll hurt more :(..
you are welcome
Thanks for the mothers day retweet! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
BB, if Boyz II Men loses to Big Time Rush, MTV should just close their blog. Period. No questions asked.
Glad to hear it. If you have questions, send them my way and I'll answer on my blog.
Good tip, saw cheapest tix there. Now I know why.
Memphis gon take game 7 but grizzlies I don't think will get past San Antonio
For a church to truly partner with families, family ministry can't merely be a department in the church.
Lots of girls do! I scouted Lewis, Decastro, Stephan Hill, James, & most of the top 20 piks last Sep! Girl power!
#SEM10 10:45 Paul Schauert's panel on "Propaganda, Power and instrumentality in W African Dance Ensembles." Discussant: Kelly Askew!
Happy Birthday!! (:
. #EndingOurPrivacy with #CISPA? OK: I had cereal for breakfast this morning.
You can be a victor without having a victim.
Love the CAPS? We have 2 GREAT tickets for tonight's game for the FB fan who first posts a picture of our logo somewhere interesting....
Hey! It's there every now and again. Honest.
I found this quote that you should follow . have a good day and Run your Day. "Either you run the day or the day runs you. "
#NW Transformers. The last one.
can someone give me a WOOF? Kinda bored!
If i dont tweet back then my cell tower is done cause its storming.
#GrandpaFred oh I don't care. It's your hands that are the important part. Here comes somebody. Can I help you?
Bill Ross Photography Opening Reception!!!! This Friday November 4th, you wont want to miss this, bring the gang and explore your mind!
"i love u boy neva gonna leave yah" then you both got with someone else the next day?? rlly, i bet you love them too.
I Bet you guys are sure something!
If you can't convince them, confuse them.The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Does anyone have any experience with the programs in Japan, China, etc to teach english for a year or two? Wondering what your opinion is
Yes! win!! Most of my family went for the bulls and I'm the only #Sixers fan! They're gonna hate me :)
Penelope, a, purple, June 29
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 279
who puts that tablet out? Would you recommend it?
Goosebumps watching #mancity fans celebrate. Hope 4 repeat Saturday nite w another sky blue team, !
Our pleasure!
all links were automatically open
Thursday is SPECIAL at Acme! Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! We will fill you up! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Congrats to the #Kings on sweeping the #Blues. This team looks unstoppable
Standing next to Pauly D right now!
Happy New Year
RT : "holding a grudge is letting someone live rent free in your head"
RT@ LordAlex Looking for a hotel near Conf, not too expensive, I am out of luck with Park Plaza. Any suggestions?
"Capital has always been the scarcest resource in opening the space frontier"
Religion without revelation, Christianity without Christ, the Church as ...
I think physics plays a vital role in the equation as well
he dropped a ball
Thanks to anyone who correctly punctuated the name of this day and didn't wish me a "happy" one. (I mean, really...)
You are welcome.
Austin. The reason why I'm still standing upright in this world with confidence and the one that taught us that EVERYBODY is beautiful, ♥
hahaha June 3rd mark your calendar... and thanks how perfect is it!
Ha, yes!
France manager Laurent Blanc explaining his decision to include Yoann Gourcuff in his initial list of players to bring to the Euros in June.
#dtl2011 Interesting look at the history if distance learning at new attendees session
Want to work at a fun place? We're looking for a part-time stock associate. Call store for more details!
I was just there! I had an audition for a role on "30 Rock" today!
I have my moments....
Woot! Good luck
Probably eating food in front of him or talking about Keke Palmer.
Tuning in to #EDULIVE and Big Data
listening to It Was Written at work...makes for a stress free work place...
Mailing out copies to mags and blogs next week for potential review! Last time I did this it cost me $100.00 in stamps!
On my way to host Simon Says at The Standard Hollywood. Come join me ;-)
Fall 2011 classes start in one week. Are you ready?
Several Born Against songs would fit the bill. RT : Does feminist hardcore/punk made by dudes exist? Please send examples.
Giving good advice and helping people out are my strengths. I just love seeing people happy
Well my mom's cousin helps her a lot, so I only have to help with some things, but my dad, he can barely type...its sad, actually
Happy New Year Twitterverse!!
I'm a Badger but I'd bet my jambalaya that the Oregon Ducks would clobber both the Tide and the Tigers.
Sunny forecast for Paralegal Professions. Corporations looking for more in-house paralegals! Read news to learn more!
“: I believe they found that cobra like I believe we've "walked" on the "moon."”
so for real, i can make a special "I beat Paul Peroutka" trophy. should it be a banner? or a silver football?
Tyga Black Thoughts 2. Wow. Real Life music shit. Anthemic Symphony type of music. Every1 needs to download it.
what message does it send to read that only 13,847 people "like Jesus"?
ck out all the important people running about the city on fashionbaggage.com
8 hours left - 35% off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com - use coupon code "ONEDAY"
- Australian laws concerning meteorite export are strict. Not sure about tektites, although the law likely covers them also.
What where those ppl name that we have to write letters to?
Gerald Laird... still can't hit.
i give up on the dresses i think. i cant find one that looks nice on me. but i did find this nice long white skirt
it'll work out! I graduate here in December, and I've decided the university here is useless, so MTSU it is. Again! Haha
so you are due in 2 weeks? congratulations!
thx 4 the encouraging tweet...tried to watch replay #BSC game last night and turned it off before half time
My pleasure Anna! You made some great points.--> Preparation + Opportunity = Success
I ate pizza like 20 minutes ago & now I want nachos.
Doing my graduation invites. :)
My new tag line: "your facts remain woefully inadequate", then threaten to sue them. lol thanks Ronn for being you
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents, despite every effort to teach them good manners
gym time
Hey yall! GUESS WHAT?
RT : Need dinner plans tonight? Make your reservations with !
The eastern Wisconsin city that takes credit for creating the hamburger is holding its annual celebration of the sandwich this weekend.
People who don't match
Applied to Mid-America Sound!
nonprofit researchers and communicators - how are you measuring readership for your reports, white papers, case studies etc? please share!
here's the thing: does it matter? the situation needed to be raised in the us conciousness...does it matter how he did it?
3bottles in the bathroom at work. Overnight shift must have been interesting.
Is the canceling of Indonesia, the BTW Ball's "biggest tour date", going to affect overall gross a lot? I hope it doesn't.
To realise the value of ONE HOUR, ask the lovers who are waiting to meet.
Hate when the chick think im looking at her and put on the cocky face lol
Some of the things people pull out of their ass and make up are so ridiculous
Or maybe I won't. RT Cotto says if Floyd runs or comes at him, he is ready. We will see. Can't replicate Mayweather in sparring.
robot wars today
No big biggie.
touring WILL and News Gazette with #490st today!
I can't wait until I get off so I can get in bed.
im currently looking at the most unattractive women within 60 miles of me
thanks for putting us on your favorite list. Full band studio work coming in 2012. Keep your ear open for us! M.E.
the "Y" word lmao and 17
Man mother nature you crazy
Geisel featured in article on libraries & landscapes huff.to/kGCoLf
Hi Jeff, hmm. I wonder what I meant too. Sheesh, I'm pretty new to twitter. I'm looking for a good song for current p-cast
Thanks for the follow (:
wow, I honestly can't even think of someone. That's an almost impossible question to answer
I'll be there in person proudly wearing my Nash jersey Five hours until
I'm surprised at how much it has drawn me in. Btw you look like the manager of Mondo Burger.
“: Before a photoshoot, make sure you drink beer and eat foie gras. #hollywoodtips” hahaha oh so true. Good times the old days
The awkward moment your checking out a girl and her friend is looking at u.
Would it be weird if I went outside and helped this little kid build his snowman? He's too cute!
At the spa,
Why am I such a fat ass? Lawl
haha read your mind like always :D u think im not even tho u kno we always have twitter LMAO n the concert too! ^.*
South Park has extended it's run until 2016, who else is excited?
yes I agree with you
A number of Yankees sport multiple tattoos. P Joba Chamberlain not only loves the ink, he's also got some piercings including both nipples.
But is he Cup caliber? I think we will have to wait and see, but the early returns are promising.
Nolan Fox has mastered riding a two-wheeler thanks to the Strider bike his dad won playing cribbage at my house!
Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU <33
Which celebrity do you think has the best smile?
My mom loves #Boyfriend by :p xD <3
in solidarity at the #justice4trayvon gathering in #Louisville:
It's a beautiful day. Get outside!
BofA sent counteroffer that listing broker didn't see-now electronic file is closed. How can buyer and I get this back on table?
All night happy hour today - stop in for some cheap eats, even cheaper drinks & look back on our unexpectedly amazing season!
Attention all Fathers and Sons: Come join us at OVS on Sunday, June 6, at 9:15 AM following morning Minyan for Dads and Doughnuts. Cost $7
Watching catch, throw, and hit some balls. Oh, and run some bases.
I see. But I'd say source fragmentation has been an issue since 1900s. I thought you were raising issue of preservation.
If you have to say "for people who don't know" twice in one minute, it's not good radio.
Snow predicted? Finally time to dust off my winter avatar
Oh pop punk. Dead genre is dead.
took a couple days but yeah I don't want a 24 inch one lol.
you're ligit!
Jan Cohen Cruz discusses new collaboratories initiative, which replaces critical exchange grant.
Taking a stroll down The Avenue today? Come into the B and get yourself a delicious Grassfed Beef Burger!
Police stop westbound Earhart. Go another way.
Start thinking of a clever response when they ask, "Is there any reason you shouldn't serve on a jury?"
Have you ever rented a bounce house? Which unit did you get and what were your kids thoughts?
Inspiring, thought-provoking address by Anu Taranath at the #uwctlsymposium2012. Invite fellow teachers into your classroom!
Omg could not be more excited, as you in a few days here in Brazil. You're the only Brazilian Beliebers: D Love you BELIEVE
I am now in Dublin, ready to play the Norwegian Championship of Poker that starts tomorrow.
"You smell like shit!!"
The cup is in the liquid.
If I had a bone in my body that said I don't give a fuck it would be revolt season.
Stayin humble like a righteous man should truly
RT Essentials of Novel #muse2012 Give your character a distinct smell. Smell is often neglected in descriptions.
Rob Dyrdek's Ridiculousness is quite possibly the worst thing on TV. Really - it makes Jersey Shore look like quality television.
Listening to Laura naviaux ( ) at #sdsms ... Very interesting
S/O to WHADDDDDDDUPPPPPP
Thx for the
Absolutely! Gr8 to connect with u :-)
Mulan never became a princess.Her man wasn't a prince.And Anastasia truly is a princess.The princess of Russia.
"Boarding Group 1"...and 3 ppl from Group 6 jump in line.
Catching up on about 10 weeks of The Economist. Thankful for spring break this week.
I b always ready to knock a bytch out
just gotta say (don't shoot) visited another women's biz empowerment website - last blog was in 2010, "events" list is 3 months out of date
Good Morning, stop in today for Thankful Thursdays! Donate for one edible,($10max) and receive another of equal or lesser value for free. :)
TONIGHT: Thundering mix of dubstep & wicked electronic dance by Dutch DJ Dave Huismans as part of DC's Forward Festival....
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
even more cool that Mickelson executed the shot to perfection!
Finale already :(
The hottest meme out there, I Got Bronchitis, now has a song. Hear it at 11:30a w/
Hell yeah, no ambition at all.
Delete. "Oh honey, I just learned how to do the twitter!"
hey, y'all should play one of the new songs :) "bad as you wanna be"
Haters gonna hate and obstacles always comin! Bring in my fire! She's the ish ladies and gentlemen!
Jamming Out To More ;D Oh Yeeshhh :)
Our office is without email, phone or internet today. Apologies in advance for delayed responses.
#ACMisAmazing he defiantly is (:
We make freaky movies
The last link existed for a long time until 2010.
like the lovecraft/leviathan storyline and happy cas is back, hope they bring back bobby
there's gotta be an outlet somewhere. Lol
A win for humanity either way since #Watson was made by people. I'll root against the first computer made by a computer, I promise!
I'm pretty sure search engines don't differentiate "advisor" from "adviser." I see blended results all the time.
Hello, do you have a reporter covering the AAAE conference in PHX currently? We would like to contact him or her. Thanks!
Considering a dress to>>
Perfect weather for a long run and some serious laying out time. Happy Monday to me.
getting the same. Baby steps I guess?
Submitting my own AASL/ALA presentation proposal for 2013. I have never done one on my own. See what happens!
Always a pleasure!!!
kind of...paying $5 for tall boy bud lights isn't fun... will be broke after this weekend!!
TCC Group at FA on Friday to continue our capacity building work
A late-period obvious tripping penalty on Quick is a "good non-call." Huh.
My bf was at the Unchained Tour this evening (think: The Moth) AND I AM SO JEALOUS
Checking out the reopening of the Belmont Branch Library this afternoon. Ready to have the neighborhood library back.
Follow back? :) <3
Nigga can't drink like he want 2
Thanks for the FF! Have a good weekend!
Ok so the girl at football keeps going back into the jr high locker room and we keep telling her to stop but she won't listen
I am betting against the Giants in that series..
palm tree dance ?!
all the time, way easier that way...
First tweet from my new kindle fire
Haha. Tell me about it.
is looking forward to next week's #NGS conference in #SaltLakeCity. Will I see you there?
but u can get to kno me
It's okay, I'm definitely feeling that way today. x
I wish I could write like my grandmother did. I don't mean subject matter. I mean actual handwriting.
Sunday at the Village Vanguard seems like an appropriate listen today
are you gonna kiss and tell .?
With admiration and fondness, we remember Gerry Beck. Restorer, husband, father, pilot. His shadow is a long one, and is missed.
am on mkting research list. They call me once/mo & ask me lots of questions to see if I qualify for their latest focus group
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
My self-esteem is at an all time low.
yup! Get down while they're hot! Lol
We are experimenting with Tweetdeck. Let's see if this HELLO from Infuze Marketing hits the Internets.
We recommend Nordic Naturals. Expensive but nowhere near cost of Lovasa. Many think the omega-3s in Nordic are more available.
Can u put ARC & Brad Pitt in a box and mail it to me?
I would like to say it was fun but it wasn't it was terrible
Detroit. im a Pistons, Lakers, Bulls fan.
You're Welcome :)
Dave Letterman is eating his pants tonight, they are pulled up to his chin.
Fresh out of pandas atm. Waiting for a new shipment. But when we get 'em we'd love a photo of one of them on the pepper! ;)
interesting here, too, bro
#Halloween Bows and Hair Clips are now available. Scary Spiders & Pumpkin faces! We just love Halloween at Sydney b. Boutique
Been redoing aspects of my website. Glad that's over for now. Gorgeous sunny warm day. Lots to do. The garden is celebratings with flowers.
tell me about it! Just a couple days ago I started driving again.
That was in the judicial decision. It was directly quoted from that decision.
Nothing Impresses me anymore..
make sure you bring a lot because, you know, loser pays
Hi Natalie thanks for the follow :) xoxo
any time :)
thanks for the shout out today :)
at first i thought your hashtag was #twitterproblems and i wondered how you got 650 words to fit into a tweet!
Our song "The Best One" will be making an appearance on ep #305 of THURSDAY, JULY 21st at 10pm EST!...TUNE IN!
Funniest episode ever of the Monkees is on right now.:-)
hi Ariana! How was ur day? Can't wait for ur live chat! Love u! Xo💗
definitely gonna see you next time!
that's literally hilarious. RT“: there should be a morartorium on the words #literally and #hilarious - words used incorrectly.”
Turtles. We got ‘em. You love ‘em. Just don’t tell your dentist you bought them here.
California has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ
Well damn. RT : Lmaoo ode son RT : I WISH I HAD SOME COCK IN ME RIIIGHTTT NOW !!
I'm going to ask my mom and dad if I could go to New York this summer. Omg, I hope they say yes i've always wanted to go there.
Dodson gets the win, but Tim Elliot comes out of better in the bigger picture, in my opinion. Really put his name on the map.
Headed to Bombs United Picnic in San Jose.
Tonight 6-8pm @ Bryn Mawr School. $25 fundraiser/sneak peak at new work, catered food, drink, silent auction to benefit The Collective!
OMG ITS CHRISTMAS
looks great.
arlen specter channeling groucho marx: "those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well, I have others"
We are so #thankful for all of our the TR supporters! Thank you
what is the rainiest place in the world? i want to live there.
Never set up meetings/interviews with anyone from Vegas in July/August. Everyone's on vacation until September. Usually Del Mar or Hawaii.
Dear Niall i hate how people treat u they tell u ur not good let me tell you ur better than good ur AMAZING ! I love you<3
the weber performer is the way to go. It is my go to grill.
oh my god i'm so weak. RT : I get the doctor's office rowdy when they call me fat.
Dick Riders don't understand much except what they choose to believe is facts inside they head smh
Gonna have a beer on stage at with and !
Followed by More Than A Feeling for #redemption RT Boot Scootin' Boogie on the organ at Miller Park. Worse than Gasolina.
hahah yes myspace,only bc thats where i have al those old pictures at. and i know theres seriously so many pictures of us
nevermind its closed now
Happy Monday everyone and thanks to all my new followers!
HUGE,,,,50%OFF,,,,,,SALE going on in are stores call for more info or 561-748-8801
MT : "Happy Emancipation Day in D.C. (4/16/1862) ...Centuries of unpaid labor. Taxation w/o representation today."
Back to NY thursday. Can't decide if I'm happy to go back or sad to leave.
that was racist what you did to
UUUUUUUGGGGHHH another commercial I tweeter this like not even a min ago and another freakin commercial oprahs pissin me off lol
Stop by Wells Fargo today in Indian Hills for a free shave ice and prizes
Name/person in the body of a tweet is who i'm talking about
I bet u turned it into pie!
Am reading Doris Kearns Goodwin’s “No Ordinary Time." Great descriptions of different leadership styles (e.g, the Roosevelts & Churchill)!
#Bachelor party, really! Oh, that is so FUN! Congratulations!
#3Wordsforyou YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL
ill dm him and help your dream if thats ok!!:D
RT : Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions
it's all you dear!
hey! I love your coffee! How was your thanksgiving?
man everything
Indiana weather is lame. Was 80 earlier now dropped in the 60s in two hours.
See this come down your TL? ~> "Looking for a Dope, Fly, ______ (fill in the blank) Web Designer!!!" ...Send 'em our way!! ;)
got the email :)
Well that is just frustrating... Kentucky better team, more focused...
RT nails it: Political polarization closely tracked economic inequality/On Plutocracy, Paralysis, Perplexity
practicing & just got a rush video job in. May be up 4 the next 3 days
staying up tonight to see Leonid meteor shower - from 2 AM CST
How did I get knocked off following ? Sending much love and makeup love.
totally drained and i will be at the end of this coming week too.
After helping a patron find event he was looking for he said, If you hear a bell ring, there's an angel getting you closer to heaven.
Good morning! We hope everyone has a great weekend. Don't forget that small changes are just as vital as the big ones. Keep it up!
Or you could be the lady next door who throws cats at the RIT kids who party too loud.
Thanks for the mention! Happy to hear you are doing well.
start watching Prison Break on netflix, its a dominant show...trust me
“Remember, the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree, but in the hearts of true friends.”
TASTE on Melrose is so fuckin tasty!
Stevie Wonder@ International Java Jazz Festival_ TONIGHT!!!!
thank you
^_^ would be awesome!!
I shouldv'e said the 2 magical words "It's over" along time ago..
So Tweet me maybe
He listens to jazz <3
so tired. ill get back to this thing soon.
Sweet!! Because all I do is read my tweets from my phone on stage!!
I think libraries just need to come to terms and understand this: We don't run these places. The people do.
Yes Always De
The Pack killed it again yesterday!
happy bday john have an ICONic one C:\Users\Amanimada\Documents\johns bday
Be careful on how you judge based on scars, they make people who they are. You see the ugliness but,its a reminder to what they can survive.
A great man once said "Doesn't really matter how you start out yea?" Spike-Buffy the Vampire Slayer lol
Have you decided about tomorrow?? ☺
We hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
UNSTREAM WAS AWESOME I LOVE YOU:) FOLLOW ME?!?!
Just sent you an email about West Philadelphian musician named Gull doing a project in E Africa. Love W Philly Local!!!
Ok but just remember that Marry Poppins invented #gamification. Are you ready for the augmented reality room-cleaning app?
fuck you , go burn !
Few TV shows make me cry on regular basis, but #onetreehill has always made me think, feel & cry. Great show! cc
Can't wait to get my autographed copy of #networkingdiary tonight from
Stamped Concrete Info Staining Concrete Floors Follow Us !
union rags,alpha,daddy nose best
has her interview today for #Indianapolis Top 50 - go Steph!
Thanks for the RTs, !
My balls are showing.
I could not be more proud....my son just got in to !!!!!!
About to eat a torta for the first time 😊
Sorry to tell you this "friend", but you are a two faced hoe.
All forms of government ultimately are not going to achieve success in attempting to control or censor the Web.
TELL #WFX- What is your greatest need around training for your tech team?
happy mothers day everyone <3 about to get ready to visit my grandma with my mom and family :)
i remember laughing at *some* of that witticism. Curious, is there a link to an audio archive of sxsw panels?
Is there any more news about the Brookhaven Airport crash?
dude thats sick!!!!
#entertainmenttalkshow He is risen and He is Lord. Happy Easter all. Be safe
oh thanks!
Like :) Thanks again for visiting!
it's called "I like my own FB comments when they make me laugh" #besuretolikeit :)
want to go for a walk?
I WANT 4,000 FOLLOWERS!! PLEASE HELP ME:/ AND IF I REACH IT TONIGHT! EVERYBODY WHO HELPED WILL GET A S/O!!!!!
Kung Hei Fat Choy! The Year of the Dragon looks good for and members.We're a full house! Now holding names on waiting list.
I don't want to sound like one of those lame hipster kids who say the 90's were better, but the new Looney Tunes isn't the same as before.
Hello everyone. I thought I was done crying over Nathan....guess not. :'(
#Berklee library www servers are down again due to damage from #bostonpoweroutage ystrday. We're working on it--sorry for the inconvenience!
pterodactyl like screeching and intermittent wailing. Fun times around here. Good thing he's mostly awesome. :)
awesome! so great to see our community supporting the arts! thank you, parents and friends! #westclermont!
Let the wedding season begin! We like working with fairly clean hair when up-styling, how about you?
Your cookies were a hit at the cigar store Saturday, as usual
well of course I do, I even remember what it means!
just said that she wants to be mummified...TF?
Red sox announcers last night spent a minute debating if mittens have fingers. It was said to have been more exciting than the game itself.
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
Happy Birthday! Today is mine. Go Pisces.
You'll Never! Be me, so stop trying ; your loosing time to find Yourself...
Would you be interested in speaking for our PRSSA group next week? Feel free to DM me.
dear im very proud to be a belieber, i luv yaa <3 follow me #neversaynever maybe #someday is today ?! <3
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. Bobby Darin
is cooking me food.
thank you!!
That diaper ad with the cartoon babies having a diaper blowout competition. Nope.
LADIES follow and get you something to wear for the summer
thanks, girl! xo have a great weekend :)
blasted Internet.
TIP after a flood - Remove wet fabrics and dry them as soon as possible. Hang furs and leather goods to dry separately at room temperature.
absolutely, 3:1 is about right. I'll take the high for this one right now though!
Agreed. Luckily we have twitter to talk to the 3 other insomniacs we know.
Jabaal, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
That was one crazy night. Remember when Saint stole the egg nog?
Loved reading Chairman of Integrative Med. at Beth Israel say to make a steam tent w/Thieves ess oil blend to fight colds
Indeed. RT : I'm covering that game, hopefully the attendance picks up.
hm no clue!
Grazie mille!! :) (I saw you speak italian!)
Two elements of successful leadership: a willingness to be wrong and an eagerness to admit it.
Love you more babez! Sorry i keep ditching haha <3 my name is Kelsi.
Happy Monday #SanDiego! Who used a #car2go this weekend? Where did you go?!
the lakers have Kobe
#OutoftheLoop If you feel there is a wall in your life, you out it there. There aren't any walls; Jesus pulled them down
I try ever night to get noticed by u but it doesn't happen :( will it take to get amazing u to follow me please follow <3333
This bar had no dance floor....
thank you so much for the kind words!
Charles Manon's 12 Parole Hearing. If it took Morgan Freeman 12 hearings to get out of shawshank for god knows what, Manson has 12 more togo
Thanks for tweets about ! Glad you found it helpful.
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
too much lol. However, I now give it away to other family members in an annual art book for Christmas. Always gets tears :)
well I'll see if I don't have to work and I'll go
Enjoy your time at home. Things are going to be very busy for you as you go down this new road.
John Carter has enviable abs.
Here in my car You know I've started to think About leaving tonight Although nothing seems right.
found it
Once more, Ouch! : : I got a 70. Klouchebag
Saying a prayer and you felt it work >>>
I sent Kit a note offering any help I cold do. The video I reposted this morning really struck home. sigh.
Repost if u ever tried to turn off the light and jump in the bed before it went off....or open the fridge door b 4 the light came on...lol!
Can u talk about balancing passion 4 ur work & practical salary considerations? Have u found that balance?
Im going to be done with all social networks soon as fake instagram profiles start following me
Dominated in ping pong today. He's good at programming...just OK at ping pong.
is that b/c you were up before 1pm?? LOLOL
well I did it cuz at first I just thought I was a random person and I was on tweet limit soo..yeah.
Free Food, Music and Llamas? Check it out at Club Deville now!
I wish RT Dressing down a bit today. Hope board shorts, flops and a tank are considered appropriate work attire.
What is you favorite song on the album?
Just woke up in Detroit, MI! Getting ready to play today =)
Great! What are some ways you do that?
This day has gone by too slow... #timeforbed 💤
Stop with the snow already! We get it. It's winter. It snows!
Alexander Dale Oen symbolized how sport can bring joy in the darkest of moments for a nation. RIP
The story of Kirby Larson's grandmother and her studio
Black label and sprite right after wrk con las Chicas de hooters.
D'awww. That's gonna go by so quick (x
Beach time!
yummy pic... in hose now daily also.. ordered by Mistress Susan
Body Electric on Melrose !!! Tell Mike G that Poundcake sent you in!!!
Bledsoe showed lack of clutch gene. So did Gay.
I just dried it and it's actually not as bad as I thought boo :)
Officially in love with 's tweets<3
Construction vehicles outside my office window - I think I enjoy watching them as much as my kids do.
when are you moving!?
I AM GOING TO THROW THIS PHONE AGAINST THE WALL!
Spurs...meh. Needs more Derrick Byars.
The new customer control panel is awesome and a much appreciated upgrade from their old control panel! Love it!
The ill-advised not sticking of it in pocket didn't burn Gomez that time
.'s customer service should be a model for others: always good attitudes, attentive, and helpful. It's not that hard guys,
"When Paul saw them, he thanked God, and took courage."~Acts 28:15
Is officially a season ticket holder
has sd city considered getting water out of air via plastic water collection systems?
Any fun weekend plans?
Where did the sun go?
The American one sucks balls!
Going to wash my hair later tonight and crohet my hair tomorrow. Don't forget to look me up on facebook for new handmade ponytail holders!
How exactly is Blackburn a "giant" ?
bad,'bout to give up
Man oh man where did this year go?
This weeks latest "Best of" Fla girls #soccer nominee announced soon. IS IT U? Send recommendations 2
What about bok choy? I wouldn't risk choking with just anyone
I just Wanna smoke my leaf and drank my drank¡!
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK!.
Another great article
Conversation hour with Johannes Britz, Interim Provost and V. Chancellor--positive comments about internationalization of UWM!
Talked wit mama last nite. Its funny....as great of a job as she did raising 4 boys alone, she still 2nd guesses herself.
There in 03 when the A's took 2 from the Sox in ALDS. Fans let us know who'd won. We *were* kinda obnoxious so I don't blame 'em.
umm son please!!!!
What will you be serving at your superbowl party?
and peanut
important lesson in life: always attach whatever you were going to attach to your email before you start writing it. everyone forgets.
I didn't know your cat overlord was a robot cat overlord!
English final. This is gunna suck!
Can you imagine the victorious cast graduating from Hollywood Arts? I don't want Victorious to stop! :(
And you'll slur the words "please babe be mine" so cute. While I'm hopeful that this is the truth.
Masters Cap and gown ordered!! and yes I needed to put the "Masters" in there....
Me :) RT '' If I'm REAL Comfortable Around Ah Dude Thats Not My Bf , I See Him As My Brother Or Ah REAL Close Friend Type''
Mann who you tellin.??! It irkes tf out of me!
that's some tough love...
to f**kn funny
are you getting nervy?!
God rest the soul of one of the greatest dogs not just on YouTube, but ever.
I'm gonna nap. Fuck y'all. Just kidding. #4026904825 Hmu later if your bored.
8 mm. to go til Oratorio Overture is done. Not time to pop the cork, but surely time to schedule tasting to determine what to buy & ice.
thanks for spelling it out for dummies.
Dream job: The bullpen "protection" catcher at Wrigley.
WHY THE HELL WON'T YOU REPLY!!!!!!!!
words to live by: "you must short the pins to prevent the buffers from filling up"
Dang did I just say that...
It baffles me when I start talking about science, logistics of life, & the mysteries of this world with people & they look at me like HUH??
Too many bridal showers, all under 23. Jayzus. That's West 6th on Sat. for ya.
Right back at you!!! Van Persie!
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
no. She drove me to the airport.
Finally i found love<3 On page 96 in the dictionary.
“: I need some weed man somebody call the weed man. I'm tryna get high.”
Kottaras' new batting music is Tool. Same band as Randy Wolf's pitching music. Just sayin'.
RT : The last cute boy I met in California was Tyler, and it's still sad to think that I am never going to see him again.
Harry's Burritos with my awesome friends #MicahWithOutTwitter #maddiewithouttwitter 💗
is hoping he can find a job so he isn't bored all the time!!!!!!!!!
I want my first album to be bring the listeners several different sounds. "Never Better".
I am going to use some of these tips. Plan to go to Vegas next month for a few days and the prices so far are outrageous!!
The first time I went to Five Guys my uncle instead of pronouncing it right he said "Five Gays" lol
If #TorontoFC doesn't win this series, I doubt I'll watch anymore of the #CONCACAF Champions League.
could you pleasee say happy birthday to my best friend !? HE LOVES YOUU !
Williams has way better eyebrows
hell yea
The lack of consistent wifi is wearing me down. :-/
am amazed that playing wii tennis in 3.5 inchers was an advantage - never won this much in bare feet. Poor Daniel only has his flats. Pity.
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
A Mythic India... Fighting Game! Ganesha Stomp! Kali, Lord of Time and Death, timestops you! *bam!*
They are soft :)
The Yankee Silver Slugger award winners are Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano :)
Langemo, that's fun to say
3 bags of popcorn , 1 popped already, cool'aid . . ;-) Bout to watch hella movies! #HomeAlone!
Mesa & kitty asked me to send you a Happy Mother's Day tweet. Only the dog said "please" however :)
I wanna
Rebels are preparing to head down to New Orleans! So excited for this service trip!
confirms "a screen is not a screen." His kid wants to be on the iPhone 24/7...but to compose music, write essays, etc.
Good morning everyone! Another cloudy day in Montgomery.
please follow me !x
I'd love to see it... Drive it over some day or let me know when I can stop by to check it out!
Dec 24th Family Holiday Portrait Sessions...all proceeds being donated to Leukemia survivor undergoing chemo treatment..help out!
face your manga for the avatar.
": everyone needs to stop turning into Janoskians accounts. theyre great and i like them but like fuck that. i'm here for 1D."
I hope to see some great musicians at our open mic tonight. I've got a lot of dates to fill, I hope you bring it.
For those UConn fans scoring at home -- and as ESPN's Sean McDonough just pointed out -- Alex Oriakhi is from Lowell, MA.
#DalaiLama next in an exclusive interview with , on
Can't write my first chapter if no one answers my question...
For sure!
Overcompensated while eating my chicken Caesar salad, and now I have too much chicken left over.
No school today, grey weather and math exam on monday! social weekend!
- thanks and happy weekend!
He was great in front of their coaches last week in Vegas! “: Princeton has offered 2013 Hunter Myers of Nevada Wolverines
Oh let them think what they want. They need a drama in their lives and All My Children went off air...
When is the music video in L.A?
Happy 4th of July! God Bless America the land of the free!
Way to go Heat!!! You got to love how the Miami Heat are playing lately.
I dont see the point of trying so hard if im getting nowhere:\
welcome back, sir!
we're flattered! (blink) (blink)!!
Damn you preview and the fact you can't rotate .tifs without screwing them up. Gets me every time.
Oh lord have mercy. :/
This is for all the bitches that's hated
Thanks for the RT about Say-N-Play sale! Not sure what BC is?
Happy big appreciation day to the best big in the world
hungry but don't feel like eating... tired but don't feel like sleeping... twittery but don't feel like tweeting...
i am back in the office today.
and er, huffing the ethos?
Heading to Portland for
i love you charlie!!!.....ahahahahahahahahahahaha lmao
what's up:)
Ive missed making videos.. I think this is the beginning of a media team lol
Loiter Squad was funny as Shit!!!
Trainer left a month early & I'm bikini bound in 2 weeks. Plus, just realized that my pants are see-through
Spring break (: finally!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
Rabbit, rabbit. Resolutions complete!
oh I missed you too. Let's go to Canada next week to avoid that whole #Twanksgiving thing. Ya know. That and knives.
I miss you too!!!!! I love you :D just don't leave your dang door open anymore....
Oh dear god, please do not ruin Aerosmith for me.
Camp dues paid
RT : Today in #Herstory: In 1912 comedienne Minnie Pearl was born, known for wearing a big hat with a price tag on Hee-Haw.
LOL!!!!! Did you hear it? LOL
"The judge mental people should be the last to be judging"- What she said yo ? Wheres the Reyes translator!
I always wanted to learn to play the sax so I could play skaa
RT : I would love a virus that makes Instagram crash if someone tries to take a picture of pets.
I'm gonna be an actress now best fuckin dinner of all time.... Think u can top it?? Bitch shut up :)
Happy Birthday S/O to that man
Its hard coming up with a perfect website name without it sounding like a fetish porn site.
check ya dm
I'm watching people play a board game online and thouroughly enjoying it. What does this say about me? Darn you
nope lol :P 16 & hell my friend is 17 and loves them man
Holy shit intense
So last night in Seattle... yeah!
Forgot to bring my laptop to class, so I'm just kinda sittin here...
I like your policies :D
Where is the best place to hide a dead body you ask? Why on the second page of a Google search result of course!
text me ill see u at schooll bye *I Love Aaron*
Hey Chicagoans! My brother's song, Sparrow in Spring, is going to be on WLUW-FM 88.7 at around 1 pm today! Tune in!
DCCA tonight 8 pm UD Grad Student Jacob A.Clue electro-acoustic concert! FREE
you can't say what label you're on? Never heard of that before.
Have citizen priorities changed at budget hearing in the past 15 years?
Wow. absolutely beautiful opening for
wtf are these convos I'm having right now
26,617 square feet of meeting and event space available! Contact for information about booking events and meetings!
Practicing spiritually focused meditation was found to improve the wellbeing of cancer patients. Mental Health, Religion & Culture Feb2012
If it were not for basketball and ms.duhon I probably would not come to school.
“: Some people just need a fucking mute button”/ Agree!!
History Career Night is this Wednesday (2/29) from 6:30-9:00pm. Learn about possible career choices with an undergraduate degree in history.
On my way to VA DOOIT!!!! #BBMG it's a movement!!!
wasn't a dream cause I hate you
Love both of them. Great artists
Happy monday. you are all enjoying presidents day @ work.
Cooking Sauerkraut for lunch. Polish sausage, franks, potatoes, bacon, all simmering in a Sam Adams. We ran 16 this morning, need calories.
That #burlesque show was.fun!!
and Shalom to you too Gary!
oh, & hunks of cornbread with butter melting on top is required at almost every meal (breakfast, too: just mix w/ buttermilk!)
Resisting urge to make joke regarding hologram on New Years eve.......
Sad to hear about Steve Jobs. "Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish"
'Failure is the path of least persistence." Author unknown.
my step sis got in trouble today!!O
whoops :). T'was a good brunch nonetheless. I'm running a little low on sleep... /cc
hells yea. Let me know if you still need a place to put your kit, the studio has a nice little spot for it :-P
$1 Draft Beers for our Twitter Friends today after 4pm. First 50 people through the door after 4pm get a $1 draft beer. Mention twitter
mine is umbrella
That would be awesome. I don't know if I've ever used striped paper.
..A "Smoke" Driver Uniform
Haha you sure?
last night was an exception I wanted to wear
guys these days are such pussies
Why does my hair shed like no other? ughh
Man u + Barca
: Ya doing the one called "Glitz and Glam" by
Hello Alisa, Thanks for following my Tweets.
Hey, is that lovely sister-in-law of yours still in the app-cake business? Big bday for my Pa coming up and, say, Major...
Thanks much for the follow, Howell.
Osu/Florida game tonight
LOL!! OH EY, I'm moving to California in September. Let's meet up again before I go!
Chicago people! We're at The Hideout tonight with Would love to see all your midwestern faces!
Just got a call from wardrobe for commercial shoot Thursday...
Big shout out to This is going to be the best experience of my life! You are
Pumped for the collegiate AMA conference; made a hashtag
DSLR or 35MM lens adapters? Any thoughts?
love your food! Thanks for following!
5 RT : every Friday? Those specials start at what time?
I know them clippers tickets selling out this year
#lmao said he a bitch with a car bomb..wow
I want to know what would be on a workout mix. Good beats, good music, no crap.
Just wanted to type this cause I can't spell it..
#OESA excited to learn about some opportunities for me in the automotive industry!
bout 2 take a power nap.......
hi Ari! Hope today u see my tweet, :) I love u a lot<3 you're so sweet! If u to see, follow me and reply? Xoxox! Pls
haha i was having a good day:D
Because the best way to spend a Saturday after is reading a book about pathology and toxicology
I am too! It's gonna be amazing! I'm so excited! :]
welp; THAT was a waste of gas. . ;(
I've never understood the surround yourself with the most inexperienced people mentality. A strong team will make you (your brand) stronger.
love it - In my agency life I've worked with clients on so many ESPs, then found THE one -
My pleasure Alan!
Time to worship and relieve my stress 🙏
we really need tickets to the show in oakland for me and
Loving this BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS thing on Twitter today.
I'm in love with granny smith apples.
Munching Celery w/ vegetable cream cheese ... yummy ...
Time to go for a run
Has he taken his visit to UNLV yet?
please donate 10 cents to Aurora for us! thanks!
Skyping at coffee shops is more awkward than blueteeth. #talkwithyourhandsmuch?
As someone who works for an EHR company, I'm obligated to say yes. :) However, there's more to it than just EHRs
Sweet.sweet success
Spent the evening out at Southpointe Casino. Crazy, creative costumes everywhere. I hope everyone had fun at the Halloween Ball
love this!
I have learned that I have never been bored in the presence of a cheerful person.
At least in buffalo the back channel goes until 4!
suddenly i feel that i should start checking into retirement homes...
Well I'm gonna meet you one day. And were gonna fall in love and get married. Ok? Hey a girl can wish cant she?
Good question. What is the avg income of Catholic HS students parents? How many Catholic HS are u including? How many kids?
“: My Cousin is on TV right now!!! #8Mile” What's up baby? Did you cook breakfast for your mom today?
theres a homeless guy in Kevin's house
RT If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my
When im late to class the whole class turns around and looks
Oh, yeah: 4. I want intel I can USE, not ads.
Tf I hate it when I wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back too sleep
I think you need to follow me!:) and press that follow button;)
Now grandpa is asking me the difference between Facebook and Twitter. I swear we had this conversation at Christmas. They just don't get it
u got the link to u and the niz battling it out on you tube
#FantasyFootball www.hottubsleeperpicks.com killer Halloween episode online now!
Stand right, walk left people...
oh haha that sucks ): did i miss anything else?
you definitely tweeted this, dude.
And I don't have to borrow the refs shirt. I own 12.
A shame that character can't be taught or bought
"What's he gonna do with that axe?"-girl next to me "He gon chop dem bitches up"-me
yes we do
BOUT TO HIT THE GYM.....AND GET IT IN...... U ALREADY NO WITH WHO BIG CLEVE AND MUTT
am I wrong to assume that all those green-flag complainers will be saying 'greatest race ever' if it finishes like last night?
with me of course ;P are you and going to prom
#10Factsaboutme I can speak 3 other languages.
“You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” –A.A. Milne
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to!
Top coaches // THX Ross! Happy Easter!
#EggHeadMF l Sunday "Day Party" l Noon - 5PM l @ D.Pettys Private Club l 600 W Cermak l Chix, Waffles, Mimosas, Live Music & More
": Hey! Lol"<=where u been at all my life?!?
About 1:45. What do you think is best? Google Talk? That ok?
nobody is worth it
Ok so I just Michelle Obama downtown....*Speechless*
on purpose??
oh I meant the code is on* haha. But yeah you're welcome! waitt how'd you get one? and do you know if we have to make an
Cant wait till opening day
Let's all not forget to give thanks to the native Indians for letting us take there land and calling it thanksgiving
If I think the perfect teacher, perfect agent, or perfect role will make me happy, I realize it is an illusion. I choose to be happy now.
Good morning #hackers. How are the apps for the non-profits coming along?
I'm dreaming of a world where Action Method apps by integrate with - where all my reference stuff lives.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. ~ Robert Frost
We've watched Princess Bride and now we're watching the As You Wish documentary. This movie makes me (& my girls) happy.
Come join us for Tuesday Night Trivia @ 7:30 at your local Tavern hotspot! This Week in Trivia: Do you know who Peyton Manning played...
He could join with a positive outlook, but that will fade quickly when he loses 5 straight
and then i forgot to leave the house allday
My mama bragging on me. 0.o
so pumped to record today, I believe it will be very productive! Tonight's rehearsal is going to be awesome!
Just made some ginger tofu vanish quickly in the Heights. It really is all good in the noodlehood.
thanks for the Rt love! Promise to tag religiously from now on.
you can't have them all! Lol, liked him more than me :p
Thanks for the offer, but we already have our Marketing team.
Just was in Las Vegas and was wondering why everyone i met from California said they were from California not LA, San Fran, San Diego etc..?
weird email from staff wtf is smc??
Too late to pretend, you know me better than i know myself
I have many, many years of mascot, promo & acting experience! Anybody need a feisty redhead this Summer?
Tyin to stay dry.. Didn't workout too well
After the workout I am gonna sleep good tonight... Okay, can't tweet and do P90x Plyometrics!!
Take notice - looked like a 2nd rder last night. Lot of m2m, but skills to play QB or WR.
OH hey how was spiderman??
That looks familiar!
Happy Mothers Day Everyone
Popeye's, unless KFC brings back the Chicken Little and then all bets are off. ;-)
New hair and head shots on the way!
& you looked SO good!! "That was divine."
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.'
Why are tumblr girls so perfect??
“: His jockey's name is Mike Smith.” Who also works in the #tigers front office.
" Blanche we got rats in the cella"
Lmao Yes But Sheesh Thats A Very Apart Age
Oh dear, oh dear. Yes.
Great game tonight! Make sure you tune into 'Off the Bench' with Michael Coleman on tonight at 10 for highlights
i'm not so subtly judging anyone wearing pants right now.
The Power in Dirt listing shows every corner of Pratt and Light up for adoption. That's bizarre.
In a very, very vague way. NPR just played a snippet from their greatest hit. It was the first time I'd heard it.
Say say oh play mate, come out and play with me, and bring your dollies three (humming to self, damn ice cream truck)
In need of a girl for our volleybll team...any takers?
haha..that goes without saying..no 'Terry'...or 'T-Nicole'..or Terese the Terror?..(jk!)...
damn idk what imma be talking about on here school was all i knew lbs
We enable people to be great at marketing
Basketball 101: A confident shooter doesn't let anything bother them...they know they'll make the next one.
._|-++ SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Ridiculously overwhelming week. I see a solitary reset weekend in my future.
Just saw a monster truck in advanced autos parking lot... No joke. O_o
NOT ANYMORE. I ADOPTED MYSELF SO HA!
are you off dm limit yet??
“: I bet Tebow can get Chick-fil-a on Sunday.”
Where's a good Middle Eastern restaurant in Seattle?
About to join a 2nd gym!!!
YAY I love Seattle to
different for everyone? Are your folks on min wage? Your friends folks? Pretty sure they work full time jobs
Looking for fun iP8d app that lets you take pictures, edit and print easily. Photobooth type thingy. Any favorites?
Khloe Kardashian: Come To My Toy Drive In Dallas! (PHOTOS) Hey dolls! I just wanted to start this post off by saying how warm of a welc
GORGEOUS! pinned it! lol
^_^ well I think I know a someone similar to that
Anyone near Falls hear/feel that rumble? Cant be thunder, the sun is shining
15-page research paper due in less than 72 hours. Getting an MBA is hard.
you're just embarrassed I called you on a bad tweet. It's ok. Hate on
lol you silly... I'm down
CORVETTE AND ROCKSTAR BIKE ALMOST DONE!!!!!!
Come to for grand reopening w/
Done with the benefit for patrick harris, me and had fun. Fugetaboutit.
Surprise night off of work...out on the lake with a drink in my hand
Ask yourself: Do consumers recognize that they have the problem you are trying to solve?
or find a gamer girl
i really wanna talk to you, but i get paranoid and think that i annoy you.
up at 2am for more than an hour, why I have no idea but it totally impacted my morning workout plans.
whahahah! Me too. :)
love you plz follow me and hope you get better soon
Thanks Free Fun in Austin!
They've installed traffic lights in a nearby rotary. If you install traffic lights in a rotary, it is no longer a rotary.
Does that count as fusion cuisine? LOL Enjoying my lunch, Calif. roll and chocolate milk
do that...
I wish girls could respect themselves instead of putting off a bad rep.
haha yes true :) Do you have your prom dress yet? i always like the outfits you post on facebook hahaha
Thanks for the retweet!
well if Julia Roberts had been replaced with a Zoltar machine he may have come up with some more folksy wisdom
because I've only heard it here in Miami, I suspect it's Cuban
Okay have to stop shopin when i don't have anything to wear, now i have to wash seven loads of clothes damnit i miss my granny this alot :(
you should come over tonight!
We really are selling pixels for $1 each, because we want to start really contributing to society in a way that we can make our mark!
it would be a dream come true if u came to my birthday:)
Who wants to do my English paper??
Is Latin hard?? ;s I'm taking it next year.
Don't lie to me :/
Sounds delicious!
just FYI, Frank Menchaa said it's been that way for 10 yrs for reading around the world. US lagging behind.
Question: why do most women use shopping as a stress reliever??? Does it really help or does it just ease the pain?
Its not rocket science lol ": Half of the people talking shit have never even played ball or don't know much bout it. (': pin"
pretty chill spring break.it's been good
Gave 5 people gifts and fed/nurtured stray cat :). Ah the joy of GIVING. Now off to the.....it's a suprise. I will send some pics.
Not sure if the attractive girl with the AR-15 tattoo across her whole back says "I'm bad ass" or "I may kill you"
have a safe trip back! the activity looks pretty stellar!
Watch! New clip from my show #HaveYouSeenThisGirl at
You think you know me, when the truth is you know nothing about me.
I know! Unbelievable!!! #allheart “: GO KIM!!! Clijsters wins the second set after saving 4 match points... #AusOpen”
want ta go to the game tommorow!
On second thought trying to stay awake after taking an ambien was not a good idea
From bully boys to wimps: the decline of SA&#39;s military
3 more till 500! help me out??
aww thank you guys so much! :)
People who have a picture of themselves as their background <
Got the update re PHX. Sad. Why not meet at a park? We have a few parks here that have plenty of parking and hangout space.
The Palms just isn't the same without
haha i will;) rah good luck:)
wow i have not been on here in so long.. hello followers =^.^=
Our lotions and body washes make great Easter Basket gifts! Stop in today.
Still up went to sleep for an hour ugh can't stop thinking about my baby #sprung :))
RT : Let the #hackathon commence. Nice food for a start. #bigdataweek #dsgh Data Science Hackathon is live now
"Just put 1 foot in front of the other, and soon you'll be walking out the door!" Corny movie but that's my outlook on life. 1 step @ a time
awh, thank u :)
S/O to the bro ... Happy 21st bday breh love you uce !!
May the 6th Be with you. France.
The Bible is meant to be #bread for daily use, not #cake for special occasions.
Aye(; FollowBack?Please(:
RT : Q1: MDA study of medicare registry may have included patients who were not good candidates for APBI
I feel like I'm driving a soccer mom car.... -____-
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
Never knock on deaths door: Ring the door bell and run (he hates that)
So I came to school to find out my only class of the day is cancelled. Great!
Sitting in the Dallas airport. Guy next to me phone rings. Ringtone is Half Time. Stand up and get crunk!
so twin twitter is acting wierd on us -_______-
you better belive it. The worlds smallest!
Congrats on signing your book.Who's your publisher?
bitch don't forget to overnight me that fuckin kush, i know you just re-upped on some major weight. get at me homie.
#thoughtswhilerunning there are people looking at me look really fast
"hey patrick, ask me what a librarian does" "ok, what does a librari--" "that's CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!" ... "i'm marrying a library geek!"
at least the kid didnt spawn trap if ur not gonna cap flags at least dont sit back & pick them off. he was up in their grill
I HAVE A PINK AND WHITE HAIRBAND!
So ready to get my hair done after school.
RT : Don't get desperate! Desperation is a weak emotion and it produces weak results. Be patient, it's coming!
i just want to , ecs is too muchp
FYI, the Cold Stone Sweet Cream flavored creamer is the most delicious creamer ever made. M.
You tell me to go wit somewhere.. & i say hell no im sticking w/ ONE DIRECTION<3
Someone tell me a GOOD site I can illegally download some tunes and not destroy my electronics.
You are very kind, sir! Thank you! Watched The Avengers by Whedon yesterday. Rollicking film . . .
O'Hare Airpot with Kaleigh... Be Safe! LOVE YOU!!!
really? I totally love when that happens..
blah blah blah blah
You bet I heard it. He was great. Bring him back for another interview
Thanks Ann! We think we stand out on a bit on our own!!
Gender differences found in how spaces are perceived as "safe" or "unsafe"
(William James) The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
7s team looking good, working hard and coming up a tad short. is up next
lol I know.
is puking a version of trying to ice the #nuggets?? Lol
loved spending it with you once again!! Great work today! And plus in spirit !
LIAR! #unforgettable ;P
After a weekend of more sun than I've seen in the last 6 months, I've escaped to air conditioning.
how fun would that be! Will would love it.
margin call, if you're into #ows at all that is
This peach cobbler doe>>>>!
How much work do weeds take? A garden, on the other hand, is a joyful labor of vision, cultivating, pruning, and attention! Go grow! DM
I'll take Zusi. Cheaper with just as many clutch assists..see yesterday.
Who actually sits here and reads other people's tweets? Most of it is crap! Twitter is becoming the craigslist of Social Media.
thanks glad u ladies r part of my new amazing network
Don't worry if you're not where you want to be. Like all of us you're not a quick fix project. Your path is a letting go and allowing.
Can someone please tell me why Tiger's or anyone else's infidelity should be news to me?
interactive galleries, artist sign up free for 30 days and upload your artwork. w.zanbeelart.com
yep.. gotta have that special someone with u or else its just plain gloomy lol
ok after listening to a little more music, then to bed
We need more journalists like you. Kudos 4 taking guest 2 task on "bombshell video." 2 often, no one calls them on the lies
oddly Twitter says you aren't following my accounts.
I won't be able to get enough of you after an eternity baby <3
it's on NBC lol
Denver Wins
Has Anyone Else Wondered Why FACEBOOK Is Blue ? Why Can't It Be Red , Or Green Maybe Even Purple ?
A very literary dinner party very quickly devolved into fisticuffs over Guns n Roses versus Nirvana.
Looks like it is going to be a perfect weekend for camping! I can't wait to get away and drink beer around a campfire.
What's going to happen when people start teleporting to work? No more snow day excuses!
I lost it at the Blackberry 6+ slide. lol
;) see u later! Breaking my fall
Down at today. Miss this place.
Avery Bradley is a scrub i swear he been wit the. CELTICS for 2 years just getting pt smh
So true! “: All is right in the world. 4 in a row! Go Green!”
Pressing Record
Lol! Just like me Nick! Always keeping it REAL!
Congrats! Nice racing this weekend!
Happy Mother's Day to you!!
You guys tore it up..
The steak is excellent tonight!
But it's the never-knowing, that keeps this going, drives me crazy, like a postcard from Paris when I've seen the real thing 🎶
Today was National Margarita Day, we drank a few in honor. We know great with mexican food, after a few does it matter what it pairs with.
Thanks Brian!
You are wonderful and I'm lucky to be one of the people you surround yourself with. :)
Just sent the file of my sign to get made for our tent at Warped Tour, This is becoming so real!!
Was the super bowl this weekend?
“ If I could freeze time, I'd freeze that moment when we're together.”
Easter in the eyes of a two year old - great fun!
Who did you email? We'll look into it!
Working on an opportunity that would help Green Detroit. Thank you DEGDC and Les Dags!
hearing reviews like this makes MY morning! Thx 4 sharing!:) RT : Friendly, happy cab drivers make my morning. Thanks Flash cab 2372
Feelin' it at the gym this morning.
The same person who sweeps you off your feet, is in the perfect position to drop you on your ass.
hey G! What's cracking Gizzle???? How's everything????
Come into our Maple Rd. Store in Williamsville NY to check out our grills !
That's not a field trip, that's indoctrination.
Today in 1997, Pete Seeger wins a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album of 1996 for his album 'Pete,' on the Living Music label.
that's strange. I deleted and reinstalled the update and it's working well. Let me investigate and get back to you.
April 30 Photo Brief: Sudan conflict, drug addiction, pole-dancing at ...
When people from your past try to get in your future <<<<
Tonight! We will be at Nashville for a special acoustic in-store event for Nashville's Fashions Night Out. 8pm. FREE!!!
#thatawkwardmoment when someone is trying to have a conversation with you but your to busy twittering....
Great day to advocate #Play in #ColoradoSprings !
omfg. AMEN! Me too!!!
WOW, great turnout at this evening! Great to meet so many Baltimore cyclists. Can't wait to work with y'all.
Hearing lots of moans & groans about sore muscles from this week's volleyball tryouts. Hang in there! Today is the last day for some of you.
Whats up with the association roster updates
is like thank god im safe
happy it was! Where will you be next year?
That classic "sad" expression in a lyrical dance...
RT #FF more awesome women *thanks julie!! xo*
Unexpected b-school bonus #4: Hot Indian Chicks.
Orlando doesn't have enough "magic" to win against the Bucks tonight! Support your team at home at 9 p.m.
Twitter trouble oh brother...oh wait...
We can absolutely get it trending! How about #S&AWedWknd? you down with our hashtag?
Good! I'm so proud :)
LOTS of new updates on our site including information about our June tournament & Training Camp! Make sure to stop by & check it out!...
Paczki or king cake? My hubby got the baby in our king cake... lame!
i hear you. been working since 9am--should be done here in about a half hour.
we had 4 contenders. 3 of them were hampered by either a bunch of small mistakes or a big mistake. 1 didn't fall into either.
You'll love it :P
awesome pic, beautiful blue sky, hopefully no photoshop edits.
How can twitter help a bootstrapping tech sw startup raise funding and get early adopters?
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay Reading an old -fashioned hardcover book!
yeah i just seen da highlights... Lol
Addicted to rips
That one week where women crave EVERYTHING FATTY<
Foul on Jones, 26.4 to play. Haarsma at the line two shots. Hits first, missed second! Bodies everywhere, Hopkins gets board, and is fouled
"Gods work: Tim Tebow ain't got sh*t on me!"
If someone doesnt realize your worth its cause they arent worth it
okay, sweet!
Bestie where the hell r u??? lol
when you pre order the album will it arrive on the day or do you not know?
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
nothing much...we gotta get together!
what's been up with you cousin hope things are good
Don't feel like driving“ Go outside then RT : I want to go outside”
Compulsive tweeter that I am (lol) I must tweet: having a great time at a "flash tweetup" at Muldoon's in #Carmel w/ & others.
I say OSU beats either fairly easily if Buford doesn't choke bad. Without they are a mediocre team at best.
#johnsutcliffe its embarrassing watching him
#tweetsafter12 finds that people who lebron, go to bed lonely
....Happy-Healthy New Year to you too!
in the eyes of other peoples across the face of the Earth! Is that the idea which you want other nations and peoples to have about the USA?
have't seen this i a while. Still can't get over the God line at 45 seconds. HAHAH just saw it again o
Love overhearing people talk about out in the world!
I think if someone told and I to write a horror film, it would turn out like a much worse Cabin in the Woods. Great movie.
super bummer to find out the Denver show is 21+, so please come back three months later when I'm 21 ?
this dude going back to college it's a lot to explain I'm too lazy for all that
- Drop off an Easter basket for a child in need! would love your support!
was skippin school yesterday
A4 I first hopped in with #sschat & they were amazing abt welcoming me & responding. It's all about engagement
the Knicks need to get phil Jackson next year
Kicking off our last teacher workshop for the spring! Let's reflect on the impact of mission based learning.
If they had a hunger games competition for the director to do the sequel, who would win? I'm thinking Oliver stone cuz he was in the army
ohh hahah noo(: since its a TT i said we go together<3 buut like noo were not together:b I WISH;♥
no worries! glad to hear it :)
Finally off work!!
Decided to walk to the grocery instead of driving. That way, I'm saving the planet AND my waist line at the same time!
Technology never seems to stop!
Several people have asked about turning the TrailFactor 20K into a half-marathon instead. We can definitely do it. What do you think?
When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle. It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself.
Ha! Too certified. Have fun at this weekend.
I heard clicking and shanabakagakahakha I'm scared for dear life. I need to sleep I've got school tomorrow!
NICK YOU DONT KNOW
You know it! See you tonight :-)
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "hewit loetcohac". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
im sitting in this little office eating donuts on a saturday morning waiting for these dweebs to pick up their trucks im bored
Every time I get a pedicure I always laugh like a loser
I love you like a fat kid loves 🍰
Big week coming up! Stay informed The Local's Hottest
lol pretty much because I def turned up the other day lol that's why I'm like idk lol
Academic book on cultural subversion written in dense academicese = fail.
Ceramic tile comes in many different styles and will fit just about every budget.
morning! How's life?
Water park all day. Hai.
aw </3 im so sorry :l
Obama race-baiting on Trayvon? Get real! His conservative critics who would rather side w/ a murderer and hate on Obama are race-baiters.
For those who are working towards your goals remember the ones who helped you when other didn't pay you any attention
Club promoters have the easiest job in the world...they get paid to party
Me 2 the guy looks so healthy.
Hey there! Are you coming to Vegas w/ the family in June? Hope to see you!
THIS. RT The Web *IS* access. - at #AccessUsummit Says it all!
Hey Shawty everything cool?
no i got u
fuck a bitch ;P
did he actually say that? ..when?
I don't know what the fuck just happen but I liked it
Watching on my 50 inch tv. Bryan, u look a lot better when ur on my phone...just kidding :)
Nothings changed, no one can take your place. It gets harder every day. If you ask me I will stay.
Haha you literally make me want to kick you in the face.
Take care of the rock Kansas, thanks
LOL... I forgot to mention the three layer banana split cake !!!
That was probably way back in anything-goes '09.
Pubcon should have a lost and found for lost rank and found knowledge.
Taking in some sox / angels tonight. nice
RT : What u resist, persists. That is because, by ur continued attention to it in a negative way, u continue 2 place it there
'Dream House' with Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz is a good example of why I love $3 theaters.
that's up man lol
Profit margins have probably peaked, it's unlikely that the economy will grow sufficiently rapidly to sustain rapid earnings growth.
I like it/WAYNE-MARTIN in EL DORODO......
More Money, More Problems
Doing some research on #1920s... The #wardrobe, #makeup and all the charm that woman can bring to the table!!! Very
H is busy studying for the bar exam. So busy. How are you?
that's right. & in creating free breakfast prgrm BPP gave us a model of self-determined social justice...
bravo johnny nan fredu a...lol who's gone mad now?lool
After ripping Jeff Suppan across a variety of mediums yesterday, he Blanked the #Brewers in 5 innings. Im eating my Words and accept blame
RT : if you only end a question with multiple question marks when you are in a state of distress, thank you. || what do you mean???
#nfb #teamarmy get at me cutie
I'll try lol RT " you can be silly here too. ;-) lol"
I can't wait until this thursday :)
Today we remember my moms boo n our Legend Bob Marley...
Looking forward to our walking tour this Friday on Tejon Street. Forecast is fun & sun!
Where in Federalist Papers did the founders/architects of liberty set out citizen duty to pay everyone else's doctor bills?
Boat building: the rewards of doing it yourself
*Yawns* Give it up, already.
do we hav a delayed start tomorrow?
that would be a amazing if you made a movie!<3 I would wanna be in it.(;
Had without a doubt the coolest dream ever last night
Done Sexy
Rt: : Dirty sprite video shoot goin down right now # TooDopeFam
Treat a girl how you would treat your xbox
I tried that tonight but unfortunately this cold I'm fighting already destroyed my palette
no way?! see you on the 24th love
ya homie wanted we to tell u the buffet is tonite
Well I hung your poster up in my room and my dog started barking at the poster of you haha it was funny
😒🔫🔫🔫🔫 I need a car any car just get me out of this one
Chris I cry everynight . I need you back .
Come out to Dave& Buster's for our Monthly Networking event. we are having a Halloween Event Mention M.P.E.G. and parking is free
Blown out tire. Fucking fantastic.
yup yup
let's do a photoshoot :)
What an awesome Easter morning. Great worship time, great preaching but best of all the altars were full with new salvations.
thanks for the follow! xx
House party show at Ross's place!
Wow this girl like everyone
No hate just askin!
what's up with tomorrow?
Recommended article: "Buddha at the Gate, Running: Why People Challenge Library Materials," American Libraries, 2004.
Need a contract analyst who knows Atlas for a quick assessment. Come on folks, I know there are Atlas folks out there!
Exactly. It was on the list, but we ultimately felt it was too obvious.
hey thank for RT next time we're in we'll say hello
got ya
To the gym I go...
fear or love?It's like the difference between Psychology and Yoga-one is the study of suffering and one is the study of bliss.
um k thx
A7 Try to land a PT job in your target role if FT not available. If not, make a pivot and take something related and relevant.
We've got some funny followers! Check out the joke just posted for us: "What do you all a cow who's just given birth?"
RIGHT NOW!!!
that was an actual song they played on the radio
": Kanye taught me, not only is HAM delicious, but you can go it!"
Treat yourself at Tipsy Salon & Spa and earn 20% #cashback with your purchase of $60 or more! That's a
She is terrific! I'll be tweeting tonight under the handle 4 bcast of & Follow
Goodnight Guys :)
right at 12 o' clock last night school became a lot more hectic
Sending good thoughts. Hugs to you.
#wildwesley Dance Tonight @ 8pm!!! food too!!
Bringing a 5 year old to my Phi Alpha Theta officer meeting. This should be fun, Surely she'll tell us about Ben Franklin and John Adams
it's right up your alley. you can pin pix and videos in collections. perfect for a visual person.
I had an amazing stunt training session with the Philly Stunt Crew guys last night... These guys are insane to watch in action!!! Love 'em!!
Spending the weekend at the farm... I'm trying to escape everything :(
:/ . Hold it together !
#MayTheFourth be with you.
guess what i did there.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. Thursday night from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Come in and Visit!
awe thanks
electroacupuncture is particularly helpful in neurologic disease, particularly IVDD *intervertebral disk disease aka "slipped disk".
I'm hungry
Woo WIN!
Doooode Pretty Little Liars is soo addicting! I love it!
hahaha! which one, do you think?
ironic, most of the Celtics have pacemakers...although Garnett is a beast
RT: #Virgo can be very mean to lazy-ass people.
On the road to pick up the sister in law
#Occupy THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT - national movement nullifies foreclosure debt -
Doorbell rings on Friday Night. It's a neighbor dropping off a bottle of Hefeweizen that he brewed himself. My neighborhood is awesome.
I would still see on Broadway even though they lied about Santa Fe. I feel deceived but strangely still OK with it.
Only 36 days left until our WASHINGTON, DC summer program kicks off!!! Who's excited!?!?
"Every girl is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it."
Preparing for the Arts Presenters Conference in New York in January while enjoying my raw pumpkin soup for breakfast.
WAHOOO!!! RT Our Paragon nominations are on their way!
Wow...guess I'll get the blu-ray!
she said "how can you afford that" i said "how could i afford not to"
sounds like fun
attending #SMWLA and will be at the VLounge tomorrow night in #SantaMonica?? then be sure to find and say hi! (+ try #wine too!!)
Oh hell yes, the clock says 5:52 here. Think that means its time to take the Sweet Tea Vodka outta the fridge & in our glasses!
listening to and love Love LOVE both of them especially
If DiabloIII lives on your machine: I can be found as ASWRosenbach#1267. The Doctor as a blood-drenched barbarian amuses me to no end...
Happy birthday I wanted to be the first person but # epicfail
Just hold me tight. Stay by my side. Let me be the one who calls you baby.
Fair. There are better points, this particular one was in response to the 'it's ugly' argument against preservation.
What you do to me.. Look what you did to me.
& the follower thing. Just because you have over 1,000 followers does NOT mean you're God. If someone tweets you, you should respond or RT.
Marshall Sylver @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing
I now have moves like jagger stuck I'm my head!! Thanks Cc:
Anyone wanna join me for a CD release party in Atlanta tonight??? If you know me, call me...
do you have to whine and bitch about friends, boyfriends, etc, on twitter? cuz thats all anyone does...
TURN OFF THE LIGHTS AND TURN OF THE SHYNESS
i go on my twitter and is name is everywhere i guess he is on:) follow
there are two 420 party bumpin in my neighborhood right now
Pdoc's is awfully successful in Cincy....
it's going to be a bad year for bugs of all kinds. no deep freeze => ++bugs.
Listening to some of the Blues Ques I recently co-wrote and recorded for Film & TV placement. They really sound great - retro yet modern!
Btw. That rejection was for the short story I scrambled to write in four days. But hey, even the bronchitis didn't stop me.
or you could just make my day worse 😢
celebratin' the day...planting trees and shit you know
enchanted by taylor swift>>>
There is someone I missed so much, that's.... My girl
Me too, but I can't figure out which one.
"you are one lucky bastard" needs to be someone's catchphrase. maybe a character on Downton Abbey?
Locos on the Destroyers 20 yd line after a big sack and a fumble recovery
lol stop being disrespectful
110,339 Total Votes at Present For Favorite New Country Band of November.... with leading slightly. Best to all Contestants!
A Place Pictures just shot our first commercial!
iWish He'd Talk To Me /:
yaa! Can't wait to see you - we need to get that collab on!
Yay! I miss your short-lived previous blog. I need more snark in my life.
Last week's Friday Faculty Fest with Rev. Otis Moss I was a fantastic workshop. Thanks to all who attended!
They do, but they're certainly not easy to find. We have a few good ones here in Pittsburgh. Does Yelp have a category for this?
Rolling through old school #VCR tapes.
Last week for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies! Starting on #BlackFriday 11/25 we start Egg Nog and Chocolate Peppermint
Do the "BFF"s consider Taiwan Jones in 3rd if avail? Unlike consensus, I'm not sold on Gore at this point. O speed welcome.
Sittin' in computer class bored af'. Why am I paying for this class again?
HAHAHAHAHH, with speedy.
Get off my &#%@* thanks so much
Very cool, thanks OurStage!
I see you are tweeting! Love it! So what is this about being able to use your cellphone in the subway. The whole system?
Have a great trip. Safe travels.
Popovich v. Del Negro might be the biggest coaching mismatch ever RT Can't wait for Spurs to give it to "Lob City"
And im VERY uncomfortable right now , which is
#ThankGOD for another day everyone stay blessed nd have a good one
Good Morning!
Late nights with the bestiessssss
Tough times never last long.
Black Ops Session Tonight Video Tom. Solo Zombies after session
WINNER of Book Depression Cookies - Christine Calvin!! Congratulations. Contact us to receive your book!
Old dudes whistle happy tunes in public places just to piss you off.
RT : Why is the word "Short" longer than the word "Long"?
Whoever wears #36 for the #Packers next is gonna have some big shoes to fill. Thanks for the memories.
Over and outies.
Crescents/Croissants...? nah, i can't do it, can't get with it, no matter how much it fits the city :)
my youngest had knee surgery as a former athlete and aging father tough to see her w 3 scars on 18 yr old knee
Girls wouldn't ask so many questions, if guys didn't leave out so many details
The first half of the Oscar Nominated Short Films that we'll be showing are the animated short films. They will run from 2/10 - 2/16
I'm thinking of explaining away this beard-burn at work by claiming that i had a deep facial. That'll work, right?
This Full Moon can screw off man
No worries man! Right now the best advice I can give you is get yourself on some production sets or into a film internship!
The Ones I Took At Joy House
Believe it or not, watching shitty tv on a Friday night can be therapeutic.
My eyes won't stop watering . Omfg.
Congrats on the funding. We're looking forward to continued innovation!
holy shit!! i do kinda look like her! loll
"E Street Shuffle." too cool.
Thanks for the update! Checked it out, glad to be out there so people can take advantage of some funding!
Here comes the spin. RT : . on poll: Survey presents false choice between streets and bikeways.
GREAT CHOICE with Dia!!!
I kind of liked their bagel sandwiches ... y'know, whenever they actually HAD bagels in the shop.
your the jerk face.
SAY THAT BRO!
Yay! So proud to see you doing YOUR thing Tami!
Regardless of the outcome, I think Ned Yost just LOVES BUNTS.
if you eva need beats ill hook u up 4 free just let me know im tryna get my shit out there 2
ha ha ha
The best players across the MLS will be taken away from their teams to play the substitutes of #Chelsea (Euro Cup)
I miss my high school days. College sucked, because i made a lot of fake friends. I thought college was supposed to be fun
Free New Frontier panel at noon Thurs: Rachel Grady on how making #Detropia affected her view of the future.
I know- must get it asap!
We sure do and we'd love to save the day! Just call 612.824.9100 to confirm you're in our delivery area.
Do you want me to rise or do you want me to shine? Actually i'm about to do both.
If your teen receives a text/IM that says LMIRL, then they're talking to strangers. It means 'Lets meet in real life'.
I brought it in!
lie...you don't have a bad side :)
ZOMG derby pie derby pie derby pie
liam secretly wants you ;)
She was just somethin do when there was nothin to do
what's the deal with this Heejun kid on Idol? is he damaged or something?
When one sends me $35million cash and a Chi for my Muse, we'll see, :)
Hush I ain't been on here in a while and last I heard u were banned lol... yep that's my shit. I ate that cookie super slow lol
On this day in 1863, Californian authorities seized rebel passengers & cargo from the schooner J.M. Chapman as it tried to leave SF Harbor.
wish I was going to be there but Ca is long way when are you making to San Diego area
yeah, it was fucking expensive too! I could leave you a voice mail of me singing if you'd like? :)
:-( (hugs) I am sorry must have been very traumatic, worse than I have experienced.
US consumers spend 77 min daily on smartphones but spend 92m on tablets. Yet only 24% OWN tablets (66% own smartphones)
We're looking at Greg Behrendt "He's Just Not That Into You" as our 4th for the comedy. The others hiked up their price tags...
I have 2 mondays left silly!we get out the 31st!lol(:
Just won my homeslice challenge for a discount. I'm kind of a god when it comes to paper-rock-scissors.
girl I miss you!! I'm back in Chicago we should def catch up sometime!
wow that's quick! Your nuts day before Easter
MJ is going through a rough patch.
Had a great time at the Alameda County employee appreciation picnic today. Thank you to all the men and women who serve the county!
they are 6 hearts and a face loser
Don't miss Mike Rodenkirch play on Saturday night 7-11pm.
Big News, NY TIMES bestseller Gayle Forman speaking @ Westside Community Center next Saturday @ 10 am.
Aww you want me dead? That means you care I exist (:
Have a great evening.
you're quite welcome :)
Ah no, did I just become a character on #Portlandia for wanting to go to OCAC?
Thanks Jaclyn, you too!!
Horrible sound tonight at the Rock Hall event and embarrassingly rotten $8.00 Coors Lites. I'm a fan, but just FYI.
I can put it in a simple term: I'll do anything to prevent GOP from winning.
Never a dull day in the poker world...
Great coffee this afternoon with Art Alliance's M. Powell!
is that what you do billy? Hahaha.
I know, i jest! cool beans, you let me know, you down for beads?? the string beads are quite comfy =) they look rad too
Thanks for the mentions ! You guys rock
beautiful. Disappointment from the start. Had high expectations for him. I wish him the best...and to stay away from Osi
I have about as good of a chance of finishing both of these papers by Wednesday as Johnny had of making it off that cliff.
hey girlie! Are you awake? I am trying to write this morning & also to transfer my files from my old computer.
we haven't set the final menu let, so if there is anything you would love to learn - please tell us!!!
Q7 I hate explaining 2patrons why we're not org by reading level. I'll find the book b. we *purposefully* don't organize that way
Why do I even like you? I guess thats why I do.......
Wow! Huntsville, Alabama! Bout to be on the radio and doing shows there.
thanks for following us we would to do an interview with you soon dm any kind of info to contact you
Just watched the Hunger Games! It was awesome!
Body still in pain. I know I can't fake the feelings but don't try n play doctor Phil and try fix the problem. I am trying to forget it.
freestyle www.youtube.com/spyda254
The more we understand God’s love for us the more love we’ll show it to others.
Happy birthday to the best boyfriend in the world. You mean the world to me❤ I love you baby
Lol we do what we can, Fordy
If parents could only realize how they bore their children!
You have his number?!;D
Next speech trainers event: P-ESL Certification in Plainview, NY - Dec 4-5, 2010. Marketing Essentials on Dec 6. www.800-language.com
How long ago did you start running? What motivated you to run?
Working on the preparations for the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
I say it's time to party anyone wanna second that motion :-)🎁 🎉🍻🎉🎁
Has anyone ever actually had a restaurant Mother's Day brunch that they thought was outstanding? Food AND service wise.
did you ever get a chance to Skype with my friend in Uganda?
We're having fun at Lunch and Learn!
no but im going to monster jam!! guess whos going to be there... DRAKE!! my life is complete! wish u could go with me :(
ah im soo bored such an boring dayy
Being single is better than being lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
Why did Facebook pay 1 billion dollars for Instagram? Don't they know you can download it for free?
Quite a dynamic duo.
I think I'm going to be live tweeting #Birdemic here.
Huge line at the post office.
If you haven't been to the Santa Fe Cafe in Calabasas.....you're lame. It's pretty amazing.
I saw your post about having 21 Spotify invites and just assumed you were trying to get rid of them, haha.
.... Tonight might be the end of both our lives if you go to sleep happy and a tornado comes =0 =0
well that sucks..there's no way to reset it or anything?
Hilarious. Change-of-email auto-response on infinite regress with #MeetUp default reply-all gives me great amusement.
lets talk
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 14!!!! Doing big things LMAO play a couple TRACKS
We don’t offer a liquid at this time, but we do have delicious Resveratrol fruit chews available at
So after all that..THAT'S how we end the quarter smh we good tho cuz Melo and JR completely off..that's gon change
President Obama announces his support for same-sex marriage. Thoughts? Do you think this will become a major issue in the election?
He liked me.
Getting glam for Celebration of Service tonight. Excited to see so many service champions in 1 room, oh and Reba too.
*laughs* I'm not suggesting that he was the best president we've ever had, but I do think he's been unfairly demonized today.
Can't wait to see you July! My ♥ Germany and ♠ UK!
Can't sleep!!😳
I know the guy in your profile photo. Bill Hayes, lives on Fort Hall Rez in Idaho. He's a model for artists. Happy Trails, Angel
Taking Matilda to hear Vince Giordano and the Nighthawks tonight. Very excited.
it was a double entendre but whatevs
Someone pls tell me the last time Detroit put up 48 pts
- No clubbin, lots of music listening tho. LOL.Cking ur song out now. Chk out "Why" to chill bef u head to the club.
Fascism is the merge of corporate and government power - Mussolini
Thank God! I hate making my bed!
...just a CM Punk themed page.
Tomorrow night, my #ADD nuttiness will be on stage for all to enjoy. My Stand-up comedy debut aka at Go Bananas Cincinnati.
I'm 27 and my parents are getting divorced. Can I still be angsty about it?
Keep your eyes fixed on an object 6-10 ft in front of you! Avoid always looking down. #LearnToRun #runners #runnerds via :
Social Media Symposium...Unliked!
#Seattle women--we want you to meet Emily! RT : The meetup in #Seattle is canceled. Need more participants.
people these days... :P but you're welcome :)
Bear Down. Goodnight.
watching tv && playing unoo!
#39 Bro, if your having a hard time focusing on God it's because your too much in the world, under His wings He is all you can see.
Great seeing you last Monday in NYC! I wish you happy holidays and great next year! Karel
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal Email at US peeps only.
please mary help me behave today in a way today that honors you in all my thoughts and action.
You play forgiveness, watch it now, here he comes.
fuck a 'good season'
RT : FREE IPAD: Follow retweet this to your friends--for a chance to win an IPAD in the next three days!
We always were cool , lol.
Yep. They'd better get this crap fixed by the time UK comes on. I hate ESPN.
all moved into Stanford
A new dashboard for ZoomShift? Yea, we think it's about time for that too!
re:Apollo 13 landing and #spottheshuttle #Discovery. Man, it's a good day to be a space nut.
I can't talk or swallow. #ilovewhen I get strep.
what, who are you?
whore- wonderful humble or really entertaining ;)
“The difference between style and fashion is quality.” ~Giorgio Armani
Fucking with the bitches to get them MAD , thats just what i do .
Will do! Thanks!
was up man? need visual work? #tweetback or email me
Trying to go to the #Sixers game tomorrow! RT If you wanna go!
and her style is unique! :) how u doing luv?
biggest issues I see are RAM and battery life. 4GB doesn't run many modern Windows VMs. HP envy ultra has 8GB tho
lol rite my bad but stfu dani I got u tomorrow
$10 for $20 of Upscale American Bar Fare and Drinks at Nob Hill Bar
Music and work for the rest of the night...it shall be a long one again
All checked in for my flight to Orlando!
"I'll be enjoying a lovely, all-expenses-paid dream vacation at my parents house." Friends don't have Twitter so I feel a need to quote 'em.
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others."
Glenn beck is such a gross man baby.
Wishing you wonderful shows tonight at the Alberta Rose Theater - a sold-out #NewYearsEve in Portland. Happy 2012 Storm!
First Half ends, Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1.
Yes I can. Yes I can. YES I CAN!
our daily battle w/our daughter...getting her to eat her veggies.
good to have ya Merle.
is live tweeting a class. In what I don't know. Why he's there...also don't know. However, entertaining.
Thanks to staff for Jaida's great welcome. She is still commenting on the "niceness" of the staff!
Well I guess it's time I make this day my bitch.
Stifled laughter coming from my cubicle it is due to the caller at the end of the 3/25 ep of Atheist Experience. Thanks
Tore my toe nail off playing ball shit hurt
For all ma niggaz & biatches! Once again... :D.
I want to play Naoto too! >_> But atm I think I'll be on the Akihiko ride.
hey matt, it wasn't my idea. I wanted to go someplace less classy with these Landmark ladies!
I can't think of a clever rebuttal to that except Go Tigers! (The ones without the white fuzzy beard)
"Losers sometimes win but cheaters can't."
I love that band. You should listen their songs "reason for the world" and "broken girl". Both are great!
If you smoke weed probably shouldn't post all over Facebook and Twitter for your boss to see. just sayin.
Retweeting has got to be the best thing since fireworks
Shout out to for being so awesome
Very enjoyable discussion last night in which we tried to determine how the scenarios Alanis Morisettes 90s classic could be truly 'ironic'
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY! Can you follow me and maybe a shout out? :)
Tell it to his secret ear.
Only around 10% of people who live near bigfoot, BELIEVE in bigfoot! Why? Took a trip & did a survey while looking for #Bigfoot movie ideas.
Really? I'll try that :b
Love your ideabook! If you're ever looking for wall art to include let me know, I represent and
Imagine having access to information in your own language-important for those of languages w/fewer speakers.
This trip makes it official - no need for any computer other than my iPad ever again
": Yuh a sample enuh!!! Bout bad grammer... #Silly" · I meant my grammar lol..
Osama news is most wonderful, but now I'm praying for our military members everywhere in light of possible backlash.
i need someone to do a cover with me xD for the likes of you ~ woe is me screams and cleans ?
Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you .
HELL NO?! I had to fight tooth and nail when I came back from Djbouti for #OperationIraqiFreedom for benefits
It's always pretty cool. That's why you should move back!...please.
Both & recommend TweetLogix. I may need to stop being a penny pincher & purchase it.
Meant to ask you: I read you were going to Point Break Live, but I missed your response afterwards. How was it?
It's not cheesy at all, I feel the same way! This article says the whole cast is staying, I really hope it's true!
I'm sure I won't even know what it is after I ask my WordPress experts to explain it to me. So, hey ... cheers!
You know we got 'em NEED NEW HEADPHONES!
So jazzed about seeing family and friends this weekend, celebrating Easter, and not to mention chowing down on delicious foods!
no one told me this. I'm considering packing up the family and moving back but then I might bring them to you
How's your recuperation coming along?
B.I.G.day!!thats all thats n the charger 2day.
My Kroger shopping experience is not particularly enhanced by this live rendition of "Gilligan's Isle."
Not another bad black movie....Think Like A Man
I really don't like you..
Charities received $500M from property/casualty insurance industry in 2010 (Insurance Headlines)
RT : Aren't all tech reporters men? Especially ones who like sports and, in my case, beer :) // I love this convo :)
there are so many ways to make that look like an accident. Just last week an iron 'flew' from the kitchen to the bathtub. Weird!
All I know is flex now I'm shitn on my ex
New photos @ www.pbase.com/issyr Fall Colors, Mountains, Wildlife....enjoy!
done trying for people that dont try back
Great message!
That's SO cool! Congrats!!!
85% of our monies is spent outside of our own community. Shame on us.
Congrats! She's beautiful!!
same to you! Thanks for saying hello!
Keep your dog's teeth & gums healthy and give them a raw knuckle bone or soup bone. They'll do the work and have fun at it too
hi Lori!! Just joined! They want us to at school! Wow! I see now why kids have ADD!!!
That sounds like a great idea, I'll prob. be down around 5/5 and def. around the TMS conference (not sure of dates)
I outlined every title in that city newspaper
Today is the deadline for submissions for #NCA12. Please email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
LOL thank heavens for Marcell and his weird sense of humor
About to accept an invite from a friend to do my first, gulp, freshman triathlon in late summer or early fall.
No phone for a week. This is boutta be hard.
I'm so excited!! #nowdarlin #yourecuter okay? (;
thannxxx do u like the one on the beach with my back facing
Hiding in basement
Time to find out who's a real mahomie.
those first two games were pretty random.
Going to use Loreal Sublime Bronze this week for a tan to save money. Hope I don't go oompa loompa orange.
time is flying! I'm so proud of her!!
thank you so much
robots, wat about the flyin cars!
Reason #82 why I hate the song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It)": It sounds like baby seals are being clubbed throughout the entire song.
hey guess just 2 give u a heads up bout cha fans well my bestfriend was a fan n she died today a 22 year old man killed her
i want to meet Justin Bieber...so bad...but i don't want it to be at meet & greet...
I will have new tracks available soon
Does anyone else remember President Obama saying during his campaign that we need to focus on Pakistan and not just Afghanistan? Hm.. ..
#DisappointingActionMovies The Hunt for Red Lobster
Thanks for tweeting my zombie article! Happy Halloween
Everyone knows the best way to create jobs is with this Starbucks bracelet.
Fushia lips and slicked back buns is trending at the kick- off of DCFashion week.
I almost bought one...
You'll get more traction with the CFO if you measure conversions from social venues and paid media together
Hey Darlin' Jana! Just use both tags! So Happy2 have U w/ us again! We need Grace for our mess2! :D LuvU:)
LOL it was just a little further down the street Abbey but it was always around there
Chat Night tonight w/ Dr. Ramos of Kaiser, all girls welcome! Discussing healthy relationships & preventing abuse. #Powerful conversations
realest of talk RT once I got on some official album ish with thank-yous i'm bout to thank Linda Garton. Real talk.
:( @ Mariano blowing the save
TY for the follow. Look forward to learning together.
Holograms got people losing their minds! Smh. What about the real news, and the real stuff going on?!
Thanks for the love on the New Rules of Work!
Unless your name is Rashon Dunmore i really don"t give a fuck if you like what i say our post so stop all bitterness in my inbox men/women
Bitch u wattn wit me shootn n da gym!!.....
Aw, thanks for that, Marina! Happy Thursday to you! :)
I can't to arrive in singapore .. left 1 more day . we ! i cant wait to meet him .. hehehe :>
yeah ! /: He should go to Clearwater beach on Sunday ;b
tHE RING IS SO PRETTY!
lol that was funny
If u wanted to get there u gotta believe
where did u go?
The Hunger Games movie.. <3
Art of Beer tonight at Sac Grand Ball Room. If you aren't up for that, it's also Firkin Thursday! More than one way to get your Rubicon fix
I'm in a room full of animals. Then there's my kitten.
What leaders, unonymous, ex-in-waiting, boy in the coroner, macrocinema, Wim Wenders, scythe-saw: To know you is to love you is to kill you.
Hate tht I luv him so...y cant I just get over him? He did me pass dirty..is it strange tht I still luv n want him n my life?!
As its 2nd anniversary approaches, I'm joining , other women Reps to talk about benefits of #AffordableCareAct 4 American women.
Apparently I'm the 2009 version of myself today...Just printed a bunch of 42-cent stamps with the Pitney Bowes machine. :| Ugh.
Did you just like a video of a "Hot Brazilian girl Shaking her butt"?? :0 #Shocked lol
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. ~ Dale Carnegie
"What are CDs?" - my children in a couple of years
"Almost everything has a built-in daemon." Deep thoughts with
The corner treats you good girl! RT : Rough night at work , but made good money.
Google Hangouts is going to really change how we all meet and communicate with each other. Exciting!
absolutely. I would enjoy that!
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
great social media experience! nothin better than a dead gopher. hope you give osu the beatin the NCAA should've given them
Funny, I happened to read this just last night. Fuck, I miss that guy. Did you read the "very, very short stories"? GENIUS.
Today IS national weed day, right? aren't they supposed to be like, shunning er whtev tht stuff?
Damn will someone win already... SPURS & CLIPS supposed to be on.. I call spurs for this series
loves coming home to NYC... 5 men on the street said god morning.
RT : We're presenting #vmProtect 7 at the RHEV 3 breakfast this morning in DC w/ and
Okay, my twitter hiatus has come to an end.
As sad as it seems, it doesn't really matter to me
I would be a loyal customer
Incidentally, also what I call my dog when he won't stop barking.
#HBO #24-7 ... so good. The best. Excellent - all the way around. Hits the mark on every level.
Watching ancient aliens 3rd season episode 4 aliens and temples of gold. Awesome series, really makes u think about things.
Ass phatter than a Swamp Possum with the mumps!
I should probs write in my blog today
Once again the #Falcons look completely lost going into the half. The #Giants are gonna come out focused. Watch.
great dmv experience on friday, awful one today. making me wait just to hand over old license plates.
Good morning!
We hope you enjoy your visit!
I love you too beautiful!
when people call me by my real name
Fuck you All!
Josh Smith was, uh, candid -- check out colleague
RIP TO CHUCK BROWN ....GODFATHER OF GOGO
wassup wit it mane you in the M?
"Even the sparrow finds a home, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, at your altars, O LORD of hosts" Psalm 84:3
Inconsiderate smokers have destroyed all sympathy I did have for a plight that was once my own.
Famous skateboarder LoL
follow mee I'm a big fan
There's a gap in fulton mall. I hope ur happy jayz.
#FollowFriday Photographers who's work we adore
Put yourself in a better frame of mind this weekend and experience !
RT : STUFFED BACON, BLACK & BLEU: Burger, stuffed w/ bacon & bleu cheese, topped w/ cracked black pepper. Can you say yum?
i need 3 more followers
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :I learned this word today. "food".
Thank you, sir.
Sub four hours. So delightful.
packed and shipped off tea gift baskets today, now to pack and ship family gifts...maybe after a cup of tea :)
Using animal abuse as a title for a speech about anything but animal abuse is bad form.
That sounds awesome! If you know anyone who is good with sewing I am sure that they could do something like that pretty easily!
An infield pop-up with the bases loaded drops harmlessly to the ground and scores 2 runs for Northeast. It's now 7-6 Galveston still bot 8
wet crack baby
Note that that statement came from the humanities side, not the silicon valley side.
good evening!!
Philippines Research ♥ for History MUN Makes me think of Julian Lmaoo!
Going out in Ft.Lauderdale tonight.. who's in the area & wanna come party it up??
Sometimes you walk 30 blocks and then accidentally end up at Magnolias.
Bored is all. Enjoy yourself! :-)
Hey Scott DM us the size you need and we can get you a new one in the mail Tuesday. Can you drop the other in the mail?
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Lol whatever I'm done talking to you
Right! But the sizes vary like crazy, so please check out the measurements for each sweater. More info here:...
The private market fails to provide people in the US with adequate healthcare.
We could have it all :'(
So Alex Rios takes the fastball down the middle in order to swing at the breaking ball on the corner? Whatever, it worked.
Reuters: Bangkok is a top 10 destination for the young because of nightlife on Kaosan Rd [uh,none] & full moon beach parties [uh, no ocean].
I have a great card that I got from TACA that has all the autism symptoms on there it has helped a lot
Oops, sorry, I've missed a few @'s and DMs! I just completed your survey. Good luck with your research.
Jesus Christ man haven'nt been on my tweet mode in forever!!!
I second that!!
Adios Great times & excited 4 the work ahead!
Thank you for the welcome! I'm happy to be here!
What are Pens v. Flyers tix on Dec 29th going for now?
Charlottle weather is great..i would be freezing if if i was back home smh!
Sign Up for Spinning at 11:00am then Join Leno Titans Gym Master SPINNING instructor. Class start's at 12:15pm all non member's $5.00...
by the way i really really dug issue 3. Expect a review after the holidays .
I'm new to this as well my friend. I hope the market is treating you well.
What is wrong with me? I can construct a pathfinder on ANY SUBJECT I WANT and I can't think of a damn thing.
Yes You Can
Hope to talk with some of you at the
CURTIS HOME RUN!!!!! Yankees up 6-4
So Walker "dropping the bomb" creates jobs how exactly? He knew it was a "bomb" too.
haha well good luck with that! :p
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(ツ)/¯
cute twitcon doe
Meeting up with #TeamMARz tomorrow in Seattle. Looking forward to it
congrats...mini-Mando is here!
Hambone has been playin balls off the wall like a CHAMP tonight! Wow. Its like he lives in Fenway with that gundown at 2nd.
Thank you so much for the free gift! :)
Oy just let the kids write and tell them to do it every day and tell them writing (for yourself, first) is most important
same. Damn you, socializing!
Tara's toes and nails >>
Hi , we're trying to get in Students for Free to the during School Pride day, can you help us spread the word!
hahahahahaha omg, I hate the way I cough hahahaha
good! I read your I hate books tweet right after I finished book proposal :)
Hi! We're at 7603 N. Union Blvd, in the shopping center with Gold's Gym. We'd love to chat with you more about resizing needs!
only if you could issue a parking violation ticket.
just study a lot of music man.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
Just happy I'm not near #wmata right now. Look like almost every line is fubarred.
I think she hates me now.
when you fall don't just sit there like a retard get up!!!! forget the selfish loosers who put you down!
Bathing suit shopping #summahhh2012 (;
City Council will review a financial stability agreement tmrw 4:10pm in special session then we plan to vote Friday or Monday.
Sitting in a truck while these dudes move our stuff. Weird feeling.
You will have to come back & have some more drinks very soon!
Slow Down open rehearsal tonight at PushPush. GHOST SHIPS! 6-10
sounds good! Will be looking into new gear this summer
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 28
Kinect allows players to play using gestures and spoken commands, without using any controller at all
Congrats to on winning a Pulitzer! Keep up the great work.
No plans for #Easter Sunday? Join us for an a la carte brunch w/ specials including Prime Rib, Lamb Benny and Tuna Nicoise Dial 303.312.3107
teach me how to make some please
Dined o'er a festive week's end Dined with family, dined with friend Dined in public eatery Dined parasitic misery
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses. ~Ziggy
My life is perfect with you in it...finally seeing my own potential.
thanks so much. Check out my other line, too!
Looking forward to a visit from tomorrow but they will discover that not all shops are idyllic pretty little places.
thanks for the follow love #FoodieChats!
when are you coming to Texas??????
I've been okay thankyou, I'm a little ill though :( haha, how are you?
No measure of time with you will ever be long enough, but we'll start with forever. <3
#century21 spot made by Philly ad agency
Are you talking about spamming the #asexuality tag? I keep on trying to report that account to Twitter.
i prefer an ice cold Hawaiian punch..
Hi bro)
Wtf, I don't even wanna watch this anymore
It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :-/
Was gonna take a pic of us together but my big headed lil cousin ruined it -_-
publishers have to be funny or analytical - some take that's different & value added - ppl want instant reaction
I want to be able to HELP people even when they didn't ASK......I will I will Lord
have to continue la winning streak
Finally watched the film, AVATAR. I want to dream about that forest.
ringaling! Hello?! HI Cathie!! Thanks for following! #Mofones loves #art !! :)
No way...Great Gatsby! sigh for childhood reading.
Morning all. Looking for a great Baltimore weekend. #Artscape tonight.
yeah i know right... 😔
Do I want to know what a "fudge monkey" is?
I think we've got her! RT : Did sis take pics of the so called "nap"(cuz I've seen u sleeping!!!)?!
I can never understand when I see overweight people wearing athletic gear? It's evident that they don't even exercise. Why even bother?
So jealous of all my friends who are at the Berks this week/end.
I sure do hate wordpress..
I feel that I personally would always wear a miniskirt with black tights.
I want to put my Van Halen in your Iron Maiden so we can make a Led Zeppelin...
what will you be doing in Iowa? Show some love to the CYCLONE state!
Morning sunshine.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F A FEW CLOUDS
Had Fun Dwntwn Wit My Niggas N My Lil
we can only hope!
I like how these kids think they're all that playing their little winx club game.
maybe I'm too Suburbia for this lifestyle...? Miss you! See you in 3 weeks!
gaaaah wikipedia get back online already!
one of the perks of working late on tomorrow's is getting to sit in on 's class happening right now...
I think I'm going to go on a deleting spree on Facebook
Hahaha not too soon. You're "welcome"!
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family~ I am one of 5000+ ANGRY people who want Justice4Ayn!
That's good to hear friend : ) I'm missing my twitter peeps
Tired of fighting. Just gonna play my game.
Any time homie!
Getting ready to ____ is a stalling tactic! Don't stall #do !!!
I knew it!
thanks so much, Lyndsay - for the warm welcome back and for your general radiance! :)
Hahahahaha. U laughed at us?! U thought THAT was funny? Got nothin better to do?! #ursostupid they must be jello;)
When we forget about ourselves, we do things others will remember💜
Snoop Dog? RT“: I haven't met anyone who drinks Gin in years. What's their marketing secret?”
yea man, kid can go. We are really excited about this one.
My account just tweeted a spam message I didn't write (since deleted). How did this happen? How do I prevent it?
RT : RT : #TWITTERTHURSDAYS official ATL Twerk team at endless music.. Be there or stay square
Update - utility repair guy also wearing utilikilt. Sadly, no top hat.
Beer goggles are a myth. Alcohol doesn't make ugly girls look prettier. It just makes you not care that they are ugly.
RT : Grey Goose and Apple Juice....#Juicy< im telling..lol
I have a feeling Jagr will end up someplace else
(500) Days of Summer!
People are demonstrating outside #BankofAmerica branches across the U.S.
At Magic Mtn. Today 4 a friends Bday. Ate half a Funnel cake and already have regrets. Funnel cake and orange soda do not a breakfast make.
That exstreamly sad moment when the boy who is in live with ur sis new ur friend dat died its crazy how the world works every1 is connected
Occupy Austin turned away assistance from the Rainbow Family in feeding the occupiers what an insult.
ugh, seriously!
is so handsome and talented. #saysomethin is really good. xx
you're meant to save the world from eternal damnation. :-)
that and a growling grill cook is bad for business lol Eh. money is money though
Alcatraz come on
I dare you to follow me! :)
I ALWAYS pack at the last minute...
new playstation ID is "MajorSeven1" boutta finally play that modern warfare 3
So I guess is Maya Angelou tonight.
Apply some lemon juice on the cut surface of the apple to avoid browning. They will look fresh for a longer time.
I'll have to keep him in mind
Happy mamma day:)!
i look forward to the time when this fever ends and i rejoin a world where coffee always sounds good and tv is mostly dumb
Nobody really deserved to win this game.
Oh. It's an eye, not a doughnut.
I tuned in late to and—surprise—Mr. Columbus Sports Guy was talking about the NFL. *click*
Thanks for an awesome time. Thanks to all that bought shirts...you killed it!!!
New music coming soon! Last album called "To Eva With Love".: HEY GOT A LINK WHERE I CAN CHECK OUT SOME MATERIAL
When people ask me why I didn't text them <<
I'm listening to It wasn't Me(: everytime I hear this it reminds me of
Better do what you were put here to do & do it well like you mean it, or some 1 else sure will be happy to do it for you, & take your place.
“ Fwd: Follow the KOKO Dennis Show today on Twitter or We follow back.”
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 275
_ill be gettin gettin my tan on in the sunshine state...have a few for me. Whiskey old fashion.
RT : Joe Squared's Irish pizza, with corned beef . . . I tip my tam to ya. Thank you on behalf of guests
The news faucet is wide open! Brian Mack has been named PD of WRVW (107.5 The River)/Nashville.
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
hahaha! Thanks again!
now you know ima get to it. Im good boo. I miss you.
my downfall will come in a literal way: during a run. It's dark when I'm out and a fall is inevitable.
RT : Hey here's a sweet filmmaking tip - on a low budget film avoid talking snake puppets and inflatable characters.
Tactics for the second half was horrible, and especially entering Smith while the whole team is drop back in defense
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
Trying to decide which is worse on #Facebook, "new mother" or "grad school student". Maybe I'll ask "sushi noms girl"...
iStar Financial Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
'I'm an accountant take me away'
cool imma send it in a few
so it turns out therapy just means heavily debating bad choices before you eventually make them?
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Not to rain on your parade, but if you're 30 & expect the U.S. government to take of you when you're 80, you're an idiot.
Seriously, I wanna see kidrauhl boogers I mean, they must be gold boogers or something. Lol!
Thanks, , for an awesome lunch! Now I'm truly ready for an afternoon of #librarian -ing!
what is that!? &why don't you just text me back, it'll be so much easier then all that.
I'm fascinated yet frightened by your blog... is that the response you were going for? :) I love it
"NATO is the North Atlantic Treaty Organization." "aw, you ain't say that, I thought you was talkin about this guy I kno, Nato Jacobs."
therez six kittehz an two of us dogz. Two kittehz are very new
have you ever done any doodlings of Rasheed (Trailblazers era)?
Friday fun fact for everyone: Stress can result in more headaches as a result of the body rerouting blood flow to other parts of the body.
of course for charity.
We love you too! And thank YOU for everything that you and the guys do. You inspire us and make us feel beautiful!
Wow. Barbara. Hope you didn't just throw money in the toilet.
RT : #JMacUP "Explosive, upbeat & has a great hook" (via DirectLyrics.com) 's song "Up" Step Up 3D sdtrk out NOW!
So glad to be rested up after taking Labor Day off.
Sportin, a #Tulo jersey, tallboy in hand, ready for some #Rockies baseball in AZ.
OWS protests heard loudly today at RIT
excited about the awards tonight! Wondering if there's a # of the event.
RT African Americans, who r 14% of U.S. drug users, r 37% of the people arrested 4 drugs, 56% of the people n prison 4 it
Preach.“: I think Mean Girls should be a required viewing every year in all high schools across America for the rest of eternity”
OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO NYC FOR A CONCERT!!!
Lets not forget how many 'haters' there were for Alex Smith last August. Now we love him. Same story coming for Zito?
So sad the festival of colors was canceled. :/
We are glad to have here for #PTR11 ! - Thank you for your support! Love & support you!
Just caught a typo in my script... "Blazers" was spelled "Balzers." That would have been embarrassing.
Florida is a little too far from Philadelphia ... I'll be here in spirit!!! Hope it's a total success!
#RomneyYachtNames My Other Boat's the QEII
RT josephdepalma Testing #CLEAR in Philly. Whopping .98mb/sec cap so far. <-- That's 10x faster than my 96kbps #ClearWire service in #dfw!!
What do I do I'm so sad
If this bitch doesn't shut the fuck up with the clapping & singing, I will kick her ass.
Blast last night at Jared's Jokers ! Thank you to all the comedians and audience that came out to enjoy the Spectacular line up
I saw a story on 'Brown Babies' and was confused. Because growing up in New Mexico we were all brown babies by June.
Ima go on a bike ride.
Adapt and overcome
I can't stand to see people hurt.
All Relationships Go Through Shit, But It's The Real Relationships That Actually Get Through The Shit.
bike assembly service in Washington dc
Please Follow Me Austin I bEGG YOU EVERYDAY! Please Follow me!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Changing my picture because I'm one ugly motherfucker.
": Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life."
My husband has some pretty good Hunger Games jokes. Check out
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Central Business District & University Heights YMCA 600 Broad Street Newark, NJ May 24th at 6pm
haha, it's not stalking if it's consented to.
come on now… he's trying hard to look cool and pretend he is doing things with the music. It takes years of practice to play a Mac.
This is some good stuff! Thanks for sharing.
Time for #hoops... Or more aptly - Gasping for air and hard fouling
Hey Girl Hey! video premiere party in NYC this Friday with Roxy Cottontail and Claw Money! RSVP to
Not a great day on track. We'll do better tomorrow though!
Acc. to his dad, ex-Tulsa G Jordan Clarkson will appear on future ep. of OTL to talk transfer restrictions. (h/t ) ...
I'm not sure yet.
Ah' I need this good shit.
pretty sure I'm going to live in dresses this summer!
So Albuquerque... Whats up?
Hey Dave are you still writing Clover all the time? Oh yeah you never did !
A2: And cloud computing in combination with well designed learning spaces (physical) is very powerful, collaboratively speaking
of course idol idol ko gid sila duwa yah.....i love them so so much.....
LMAOOO! Try to cough a little bit too LOL!!!
is there a mobile-optimized way to listen?
Mcdonaldss<333 i feel so fat! but fuck it man.
Why can't I read people?
Luv #TheVoice previews! RT : She's a very pretty woman, she just looks like a tranny clown 2 often with all the makeup.
Trust Is A Gift....
hi okay i will add photo:)thanks for suggestion.
": "5 O'Clock in the Morning" Classic!" Yes it is :-)
Happy that Irish basketball women are back in the NCAA Championship game.
I feel like I'm on everybody's map but nobody's radar.
well ur coming home then and the krew be hanging
I'm watching the movie ORPHAN
This is awkward...
I guess I am back on my high horse once more
OMG OMG TOMORROWS SCHOOL NEW SCHOOL :(
Just finished SCUD:The Whole Shebang. Incredible work! Thanks Now where the fuck can I find a venting machine!?
Back in the black with a winning night! 2-2 +10.5 units tonight
What's the puppy bowl score?
I always #followback !
im cool(: and yeah im defffff good with mint
luckily all we needed was one vote
I wanna go the CMA festival this summer,
no school tomorrow, still gotta get up early tho !
I don't think ESPN is ready. RT Watching Around the Horn w/ and we think that should be on there.
My birthday is in 3 days and I still look like a 14 year old. -_-
awe, please go back to Brazil, she needs you! ;)
Come watch the cap city dancers perform to "We Will Rock You" and "Moves Like Jagger" at tonight's game! Game starts at 7:30!
Hey everyone! Follow she's smart, funny and hot!
My head is killing me.....geesh
....but a pain in the ass to get off.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
it's nothing like LOTR but it's very good, unlike what Dave might tell you.
Oh dang :(
I feel like I need to read/see Hunger Games so that I know what the ENTIRE INTERNET is talking about!
Dont forget we do have those tickets for oct. 7 2011 for the start of #TopDJweekend and they are going fast!!
RIP Etta James :(
I got stuck on a 60 run
Has anyone seen a mobile site, where clicking on the "contact us" brings up a contact card? Please share.
She didn't buy Raid. We have Hot Shot. The thing sucks. The best Raid I've used is the one from Home Depot. Lol
Hey that suspension is bs and I'm a ravens fan..they should have a flag football league for the commish
My students and I really enjoyed the Standing Up Shorts today at college day!
Getting to Frankfurt feels like obtaining political asylum. Good riddance Israel.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!!!
Best tweet ever. I would happily start a movement to work from there. The Creamery has nothing on our counters + Awful Awfuls.
Why are so many people STUPID??? I mean is it a Fad or something???
I Love My lawlorff Family 💝
Hot tennis chicks say by to me all the time... sorry
Good morning! Did anyone have a #SUBWAY breakfast? April's featured $5 footlong is Bacon Egg and Cheese and we've got BOGO 6" subs til 9am!
Damn straight.
ack. acai twitter hack. thanks for setting me straight.
< they fucked alot of people up trust me.
I know you get more than a thousand tweets in less than a second you can read all want .. as mine was one of those#loveyou♥
Just gave #BudSelig the nod while walking through the #Gilles parking lot.
The worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
So, So True!!
I have set my FB preferences so that I am never supposed to get emails about anything from FB. Does FB honor my settings? Not a chance.
when I seen it it wasnt!
#congrats Nathan Fillion your TV best Drama Actor
I never had felt my heart broken like it is now
I hope you fall in a fire
crazy after party . Makin hella connections for
land rover discovery/defender alloys ?
Sad that a Jane Eyre clip is the most of Michael fassbender we can hope for
I'll take that bet and a Chicago deep dish RT Mayor's bet on that? I would like In'n'Out Burger for the wager.
whoa what?! what the?! We talk all the time on skype! AND a friendship is a two way street! U never call me!!!
AMAZING JOB TONIGHT AT TEEN HOOT YOUR AMAZING I LOVE YOU
Follow me neighbor. Pwease
Agree, wish we played SD or PIT every game RT Matt Kemp... best player in baseball right now? I have to say yes.
I've had it for a few months now. I like it. i just wish more people used it.
It's been two years since Dr. Height passed, but her influence continues.
Thank you for the RT. Much appreciation!
RT : Crain’s Chicago editor to write column beginning in 2012: Joseph B. Cahill, editor of Crain’s Chicago Business s......
awesome thank you...
If you've gotten tired of hearing from teenage athletes while looking for Physical Forms, here we are.
oh i used too live in spring . .
btw I would be totally excited if someone said "Happy Hannukah" to me. The words are different but the meaning is: be happy
Realizing that my two final projects are at least 10 times less complicated than I was anticipating is lightening my very soul!
I agree!!!! Just spent a few hours sorting through the boys clothes and getting ready for baby boy #3. So excited! Do it!!!
well, to be fair I am a magazine writer by trade. Hence, why I keep the print copies (for research) and don't get the e-version
Excited about hitting the road tomorrow with a great coach. Can't wait to pick his brain about hoops. Ready to learn.
just noticed haha.
you win some you lose some
Starting the newest DCAP ep today. Tracking drums and bass @ Stone Otis Studios with Brandon Santos +
But this is something I don't really know anything about. (YET.)
I noticed. Thank you! ;~)
just spent the last five minutes killing a centipede with my shoe, while apologizing at the same time for not making it's death painless
Lol am I the only one who has met the BOYZ in pajamas?? Hahahaha
LMFAO. I love you.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 6
hunger games trilogy. Better and timely with movie coming out. Katniss is so much better as a role model.
u got robed son haha
Thanks for being you, you!
My honor student just got detention for writting an inapproprate rap at school. I'm so proud :(
Some exciting news about a windowspace... Think you can guess what it is before we spill the beans tomorrow?
you still have to tell us how we know if we got m&g for the NYC show! :(
I got through the coffee drive- thru & will pay for the car behind me-I imagine how I would feel if someone did that for me!
Friends with benefits >
i knew
NO I'm not Fat I'm cool... Like a cooler.....
Building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...
Just 270 more Follows come on people we can do this!
Call me yo daddy,yo superman
Looks like I'll be spending my birthday at U.S. Cellular field next year!
:) Where have I been? Just dealing with life!
trust me I'm there !
I know there's concerns about Worthy's effort, but between him and Perry, the packers pass rush should improve tremendously
Does that make me selfish?
Karaoke night #Stanton Public.. Sounds terrible from my bedroom!!
is this your other account josh? :^) if so please respond and follow me <3
Its a rather well-known piece that pervaded pop culture as a result of the incredible popularity of the show.
I already have a plan of moving there. I'm marrying an Australian. I am NOT marrying an American. I vow.
Handy reference: Index of online services avlble in each state 4 low-income benefit prgrms, incl. #Medicaid & #CHIP bit.ly/sxKgIC
Correct, I invited two dozen LOCAL friends. And I *did* tweet about it earlier, so y'all would know! ;)
its time i learn how to do hair...for when my weave is in a crisis like it is now
The biggest challenge is that we've picked the low hanging fruit & need to make it known that we are still not even close.
according to Hannah Rempel, she didn't realize it was you. She was looking for "fresh-faced eager student" pic
Thanks for the RT!
Who said actors are overpaid?
Don't forget to sub my YouTube channel! ;)
S/O TO U BIG HOMIE..WE CHILLIN HARD IN CLUB NV
#Brewers... Sigh... Bad night. And that bad call on #Weeks sure took whatever wind you had out of your sails.
andd afterwards . .ANOTHER #intimate night
Im in a better place now....
haha I cant stand listening to Hubie just b/c of those go to phrases. I feel like I'm listening to a voice recording of him
The Avengers with everyone 😄
I almost took a pic but we stopped doing that type of shit on Ghetto Tv 4 lol
fries in France
Amen! See you next Sunday. So excited about the future!
Yep & can't get over how fabulous those spicy feather earrings are! Ordering more soon!
Happy Tuesday
Just cause your my ex doesn't stop me from thinking about you once I wake up (:
A video report from a pro-immigration bill rally in Tempe, AZ: www.iundergroundreports.com
You are a multi-talented artist yourself and I find inspiration in your work!
Join us for dinner tonight! Come enjoy great organic Mexican food (714) 508-TACO (8226)
thanks Amanda! Looking forward to unveiling the goods for you in the coming weeks!
#2wordsasianpeoplefear You Failed.
RT : Reduce your carbon foot print by remembering to use your thermal mugs for #coffee & waterbottles for
At dinner with She just started rapping. Check, please!
RT : Looking to rent this summer in #ROC? Check out - Free Newdigs Renters guide at #RCR2011; you'll be impressed!
hey i has good feelings about this year. so hyped for the start of the season!
I can't wait to see him play tonight.
Halloweentown high..love it!!!
I got #trustissues !
Welcoming and to INDUSTRY MODELS!!
Thanks back at ya, I'll check it. All the best to you and yours!
the sky... gas prices. unemployment rate.. the usual
Health Tips: the average spend on supplements is around $400 a year, move your purchases online to save an average of 100, and save gas
I need yu to do me a favor
Every nite i pary to god that i will one day meet madison ik it still hasnt happen but i still have faith in him<3
#Attention follow launch coming soon...
At least it was a steak and not some stupid hamburger!
that is so awesome! :-) I am happy for you :-)
A little hair of the dog can help that. And by dog I mean pig. And by pig, I mean more BBQ.
Lmao i cant wait!! RT : im going to be a BIG girl!
WHAT!? NOO! It's always noisy here, very congested.
“: Playing some tunes at four seasons jh from 5-8, then headed to see !” need djembe! Ha
its barely raining!
NEW WEBSITE!!! www.laurasaggers.com
All presents that Santa brought are made in China. How come ?
: thanks for the follow :)
nope now shuyt your lips and go to sleep!
Asking me questions I have no idea what the answer is, and you know I don't <<<<<
I just had 4 test in one day! Gosh I hate test. I better pass all of those.
You are so fucking rude!!!
I just shaved my legs 3 hours ago and there already growing back!
lmao I'm always such the hero (:
So sorry about "The Finder." LOVED that show and you were very nice during an interview you did with me last year!
& Toy Covergurl we on da way.....
attending 2nd half of Science at #tufts for the 21st Century
Thaddeus ... I hope you will not think me irreverent
Researched both French and Russian copyright law today thanks to Congress and SCOTUS (via #Golan)
Lots of YUMs in 's website today! From cover shot to baby news. Such a happy Wednesday!
INCREDIBLE gig last night by the one and only Amazing night from what I can remember!
Does that mean we win?
I'm so proud of Austin :') when he's on stage receiving his Grammys imma be here proud to say I supported him from the start
Good bye mister starfish. you were awesome while you were still alive. :-(
#thebestthing is when i can sit there and make stupid faces at you over skype and how you send me music to listen to
It's almost #FathersDay, which makes me wonder: those who have had a #vasectomy, when did you know your family was complete?
ayyy my song.
you make me smile. except when u work early
It's all good!
Mimicing my teacher makes her happy lmao especially in French!
At the B&T Vendor Fair at Embassy Suites in Concord,NC! Stop by Booth 71 Wed am, find out why EPP is THE publisher with an Eye on New China!
well, at least tomorrow is friday :) goin to bed!! goodnight all you beautiful people!! xx
Okay love <3
Have you seen a sunset at the beach while playing Intro by M83 after some margaritas? It's glorious..
Yes we won! We played at like 12:30 lol, we killed Utah Jazz, Go Spurs!
yeah, 3 straight seasons of 1-11. Don't worry, you can still be a Badger fan second (LSU will always be first I'm sure)
Food truck season is in full swing!
want to sleep but no
Khloe Kardashian Slams Her Late Father’s Ex Wife and Widow for Claiming She’s Not Really a Kardashian -
I love u to death!! Plz rt
#FF ONLY IF YOU ARE A FUN PERSON! Everyone else can just stay bored :)
damn well if you wanna chill hmu
Hi Bea - how can we help? You can call the office to speak to our of our techs too 305.669.6049. Ask for
I am a fan or should I say Psycho!! :0)
whats up big dog,?
RT : RT : The importance of #studyabroad #DipNote from "Study Abroad Can Change Your Life—And Your Country"
I miss working with you, too! Good to be back. Just saw the Pompeii exhibit- it was fabulous!
emiko oye will be in Art Of #Toys tonight for Alister Olivers fashion show with her #Lego jewelry!
Not stressing anymore , just making it worse , letting it rock & well see how it goes :) well always have a spark
I love Serena
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. - George Bernard Shaw
I spend more money on tutus, fishnets and sparkly costume-y things than I do on normal clothes. This is beginning to be a problem.
M...warming Honey Pear Cider....my house smells delish!!!
El Anatsui segment. Fascinating work. Using metal, wood, ceramic. "Destruction as prerequisite of new hope."
yeah on my way to work
Can't believe it's May already!?! Hmph.
Home from school
Is twitter officially ready to explode?
what you flipping?
lmfao you lost ya mind
A2. Performance support is real-time
My twitter has meaning again now that Love is back!!!
awesome! Can't wait to hear it!
video's are the funniest out there guy(: Retweet and follow :)
If you wanna walk by my side, I don't need you to suck me dry.
May need to interview UW Women's Hockey Coach Mark Johnson, is anyone able to help me with this?
Do you see what we've done? We're gonna make such fools of ourselves
You all good?...I am running around last minute...Hit me on my phone if you need anything!
hello my sweetheart I'm here ;) and I'm so happy u r too. How r u??? Any news? Love u so much !!
Leon Rappolo, Albany "Barney" Bigard, , Charles Ellsworth "Pee Wee" Russell, Bob Wilber
some girls r wishing for a love story & im out there living one <3
chaos in England
Strawberry Tart- This delicious tart is a buttery shortbread crust filled with pastry cream & topped with fresh, locally grown...
Broadcast Minds is coming. Tue 4/17. Industry Leaders. The Future of TV. We're days away from sharing BIG news:
Started working on the Pilot today. Every journey begins with a first step.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡7
#Google+ anyone? Let's be circle buddies!
without my lab it's a C
Mind blowing never felt so good
I found love, in a hopeless place!! :D love !!
Happy Thanksgiving! /yd
oh yeah!! Your brother is hilarious by the way!
I don't think I'll be seeing at Make Your Mark anymore :( sadd. But, CONGRATS!!!
#ThingsAboutMe favorite color is blue
Man characterize four situations: how he's fighting, according to money, as looks at children and how the relationship ends.
Shouts out to my little bros its their 18th birthday!...I love u guys...woot woot!
SAT Trick for QofD: What numbers and signs occur the most? The answr that uses all that repeats the most is correct! Try it on todays Q
A man should never text a man k nohomo
Starting a sign audit at work. We have 26 signs on the 3rd floor alone. Oh wait, 27. I just saw another when I glanced up...
food. espn. sleep. inventory. THEN A FUCKING DAY OFF.
I think you just saved me from downloading that mixtape. I'm not with the slow shit lol
Garage sale today 8am-4pm (: come check it out!
Financial skills are a commodity. Operational skills are precious.
we should discuss the unofficial launch party for we have a spot in mind.…
Cool. I could use the cash.
What colour did you tell me to go? :L <3 <3
Day 2 of being cold outside
Fog, clouds...when did #Encinitas turn into London?
the name haha
-sigh- Why can't DC get their stuff together like Marvel so I can get a Justice League movie? An ALPHA FLIGHT movie is more likely than that
Enjoy a with ur fink bomb when their truck comes 2night from 8 til late.
Even though we never talked face to face.. your still like a sister to me!
Spotify Premium is so backwards. I should pay for syncing, not something I can already do for free on my computer.
Dear audience: I love you!!
thank u Lisa :)
Ugh.. Taking a quiz every 15 min is making my head hurt..maybe it was the bottle of chardonnay i consumed in less than an hour last night.
No sleep tonight.
you are followed by someone I followed - I think. And you're in Portland.
Being so in love with someone that it makes you wanna cry every time you have to leave their side even though you were there for hours
nawwww when he died?
Yay! How'd it go?
“: Alot of request for that here at ” Great song!! When are we going to hear again?
that's cool I've known Ethan since 6th grade when he moved here
we got it pretty close, gotta mess with the bass still, but I woke up at 1am so im getting a lil tripping now haha
Great Tweeters! sugarfiend
new song coming sooner than you think
Hi I think you twitter account was hacked. I was sent a direct message with a suspicous link.
Ok #woodywoodchuck is the new #groundhog !!!! I trust in him :)
Govern a family as you would cook a small fish - very gently. - Chinese Proverb
I never have anyone when I need them. But they always have me when they need me. Wtf?
O yeah RT : Ooh! Everyone Head to Old Town for BOO & Brews tonight, party time! RT : beer beer an
Good morning! Writing day will kick off in an hour. How is parenthood treating you?
I love bossing people into reading books! :D
Basketball tickets for next Saturday's game sold out in about an hour! So crazy. Loving this school spirit
Puto, the fuck u at?! That crackerjack phone die? Lolol. Stop with that prepay shit papi. Call me at the crib
I hate that u did not get to come with us
In the 18th century in Prussia, if you had a stutter you may have been treated by having the tip of your tongue cut off!
#lookoutjoe daily special: $.25 off any size Iced & Blended Mocha all day today! come get a drink and see what we're roasting!
I dont feel like moving Saturday. I've only been in this house for 8 months, how did I accumulate all this stuff ha.
Gracias, my friend! Very excited.
It's supposedly always James and Wade. No bosh
good morning tweethearts :-)
Why thanks! RT : I have admired a background of your page))
BREWERS WIN!!! Yay!!!
it will be better to have extra tickets versus zero tickets though right. Which one is more important?
Dang! Good stuff. Have a great weekend and enjoy the bay!
yes they are who doesn't love them <3
Tweet, eat, sleep, repeat. <3
Shout out to my Bro bringing my other mother to the same show, I know both of them are excited...Gotta treat mom right!!!
"wake up and smell the ocean, cos i found better ways.. of spending all these nights in san diego.. without you in my way." -ALESSA IS RED.
being humans actually a pretty good show! on ep 4 right now yay nap time!lol
Hey #Syracuse, how about less offensive rebounds and more made baskets.
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me for my birthday!
Yeah! : Best waffles in Austin: Hands down.
Sounds like your fav place.. Klotsche RT“: Judge judge judge. Tools tools tools. Cutoffs cutoffs cutoffs”
I must tell Jesus all of my trials; I cannot bear these burdens alone; In my distress He kindly will help me...
that was a.nice 6 hour nap
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers. Give us a call at 916-509-0677
the Mavs win was after midnight, and Rangers lost on what was technically that same day (a.k.a. the next night)
beat me to number 1
Tomorrow's big agenda item....making homemade donuts.
let me know what you get inside your box when you get it!
yesterday an audition with me and a bunch of 40 yr olds. today an audition with me and 20 yr olds.
Happy birthday Mr. Lee! Your work has been, and still is, an #inspiration to us all
Thanks! We're excited to be working on our new album too, so there's plenty more to come :)
booster in the hotel appears correct. They were worried about lawsuits.
Why is it always late at night when I'm so damn hungry?
I may have to come this weekend now, I've been having some major cousins withdraws
Oh dear Suarez...so, we wait for the first goal of the premier league
Check-in TODAY with Sporting Explore for chance to receive tax prep (up to $500) & tickets to a future game! Thanks to !
Nite-nite MBA. you will wear me out again tomorrow.
I always thought pussy tasted like Pennies. So, I gave it up.
Come see The Mind Creatures Live this Thursday 10/20 at the Drunken Unicorn! ...get with it or get lost....
If you could change your body and be as tall or thin as you wanted, but had to get a whole new face, would you?
why do you give up? It's all good!!! Lol
you know im kidding
Headed to chitown to see our guy
It's called a laptop.
“Think globally, act locally.”
Anyone here like one direction?
claritan is your friend - feel better!!
Provide an online evaluation survey at the start of your event to give attendees time.
So I got a lil better with AVID!! Saturdays are THE BEST DAYS TO COME IN...BUT NOW IM SUPER HUNGRY
great tweets sorry to see you go but no follow back
is always wonderin what peoples dreams r mine is 2 be able 2 meet my fav singers of all time: bethany joy galeotti & sheryl crow!
If an Offensive Linemen sneezes before the snap would it be a false start?
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great day! 🎉🎁🎈🎂
Me too! ;) RT : Pumped about getting rejected thanks to
Raisins - yum.
- No worries. Been a bit unusual thx 2 the labor uncertainty. TY 4 ur support of HDSA! We've got a golf tourney on 8/26 fyi.
Just told the to go fuck themselves..in a written response to their "Special Offer" for me to pay for their website. So satisfying!
Hit a brother up.
TONY GOT GAME
I love yoga pants! No buttons, no zippers, you just pull them up......like toddler pants only for lazy grown people. LOL! ~ Lisa Morgan
Thanks for the follow! We're looking for non-profits to help raise awareness of. Email us at !
At the roanoker with the fam
LOL Almost except instead of coffee I take in lemonade.
Love to me is you. You told me I was the best girl ever,that you would change anything in the world just to be with me. Now that's love<3(:
we went to Matt's for lunch, it was great. Night before, Truluck's with just immediate fam.
RT : Nobody ever pays me in gum :(
My doctorate is in management science. That's why I remind folks that I'm just a grunt, not a #PTSD clinician. :-)
thanks for the retweet
Lady I Luv Ya but God I don't about eating that !!!!!
Why is my Twitter not working!?
Go visit our friends in the free speech area! They're selling baked goods
Thanks for the follow. Just bought "Prohibition in WDC" and can't wait to read it!
Welcome to my newest Upgrade claymorebx!
fuck fireworks... light up that dyno mite...
Thanks much for the follow! Any gigs there for 11 year old musicians?
Motivate - For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
yes! The missing component.
Who's your inspiration.?
you were pretty, I'll leave it at that lmao.
no no no what makes you think that jubberish.
lipstick or lipgloss?
Big 1 9 soon....party party party.! lol Im so silly.
So excited that fat bitch got another job so pretty soon I don't have to worry about having to look at that ugly man face when I tan :)
Pretty horses on TV!
Ew. There's school tomorrow.
If you tryna reach me hit my jack frm now on...
Maybe we're on to something.. who wouldn't want to be able to shake up their developer while it fake snows?
Just got over excited bout a movie i saw was on red box and my next thought was "Wish I could take my cat for the walk to get it" wtf #WTF!
It really was! RT : The Chrysler 300 was the poor mans Bentley for a while.
Pretty bad day today .
Tailgate is in the blue lot.
But if you do look at Yahoo's, notice that they put the Oakland #Raiders logo instead of
Never let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Never let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
planet krypton.
I'm still laughing about that car ride
I'm tryna pull a all niter...can I do it....hell naw
Nice snatch, Gameltoe.
That awkward moment when you realize you’re walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending u forgot something.
I'm so happy for who starts a new job next week. An exciting new chapter for us.
"I'm saying that... I hope you'll be happy because you will always be the love of my life." Tom to Lynnette
Mike Judge is the unfunniest of the"comedy" guys. Nothing he's done is funny. Seinfeld also makes my unfunny list. That's right! I said it!!
are the Cougs gonna get a shout out on Sportscenter when we beat the Huskies today?
Agree. Still like Chicano. But by birth soy Mexicano. I also like to list Travieso on forms
#OomfNeedsTo come give me a kiss!
will you be today for #WellnessWednesdays? It sure is a hot day and your pops would be a perfect treat!
im now on
Hope everything is going well.
I have seen plenty of Conservatives say that today and since this started
you dont even realize. I wasnt even hearing the entire beat before. I just killed it. Can you open it where you are?
good luck!
Reading it now =) RT : Need a good read? Stephen King's 11/22/63 is one of the best I've read in a long time! Amazing and fun!
The best thing about dating a pastry chef is having the greatest breakfasts ever made for you.
In response to something in the lrnchat; not sure what now :)
Great is thy faithfulness!
why are you quitting!
Follow me? e
sounds cool, ISO more dimension in the sounds/mix
wonderful assumptions? I *still* can't have a full screen flash player on one monitor, and work on another.. (in Linux).
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
HARRY i'm home sick from school today here in America :P can I get a shoutout so I can feel better? (;
it's so much fun! And Joe was awesome today when he came!
oh whiskey and bourbon you're speaking my language 😃
LoL I appreciate my eclectic tastes in music. I was raised by hardcore jazz musicians. And that stuff gets weird :x
I'm sorry baby! I've had a long day at the office. In my PJ's at home
she's jerking your chain bro! We saw you at The Raleigh. Sick set xD
#smash season finale was so good!!! Ahh can't wait for next season:)
Throwing steaks on the grill and then its back to the books.
is busy directing traffic
Working on holiday music for the River of Lights 12/4 at 7PM
sitting in the hospital !! pray for my mom !!!
If the trade trade him to the We need another all star to back up
I do not recommend feeding one to the baby. Babies and Taco Bell don't even make for good stories.
YES. MT Pat Summitt, you're not John Wooden of women's basketball. You are the Pat Summitt of college athletics.
is.... Tell Mr Howard not to leave and get a beer!
Real Girl, wassup? (:
When someone indicates there isn't anything right about a particular political party, it indicates the possibility of a bias.
it's all good
' when you need your work?
ALSO, i just watched Paris is Burning this past weekend. Can we have a ball? plz? I want to deliver some realness.
This Wednesday - Central Market Westgate in Austin, TX - 6:30-9pm. Early show, good food and air conditioned - good times!!
no judgement here
Good for the Huskies #zing RT : UW-UConn will play home and home series starting next season in CT
hey, you're in town!
Roseann Munger art is showcased at Jane Hamilton Fine Arts! adultwellness
I just met you, this is crazy. Here's my number, call me maybe 😉
We keeping this lead. Watch.
Weekly check-in time with and
"Lady Gaga has no fans." Uhm sorry, I can't hear you over the 70+ MILLION Little Monsters screaming around the planet.
My wife is trying to teach her dad how to play Plants vs. Zombies on the iPad. Ah, Christmas.
How did I get so lucky to have such an amazing guy that comes w fantastic family :)
Aha! You found it. Hilarious. I miss Mitch. "I saw a wino eating grapes. I was like, dude, you have to wait."
u think ur funny don't ya?????
I'm riding round & I'm getting it, its mine I spend it!
Working on some really awesome changes to the way users can set their availability. More flexible, simpler, and quicker :).
can I go? Lol c:
Packing my lunch & making my own java!RT It’s more important than ever to conserve cash these days...how are you doing it?
were are you from?.. U seem like you would be a Cali guy aha :)
I wish more people lived in sleepy!
Completely agree, TE of the future.
where did you get that caramel macchiato? i want one now. LOL
I feel like I look like a different person....
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it until the morning.
u were a pity fuck.
My wife is a sex object - every time I ask for sex, she objects.
Mariano, get well, and come back. In our prayers for a speedy recovery.
How did I just get talked into seeing the Avengers?? Isn't it mom's day? (with two sons I guess I have to get used to this!!)
New #harpers mag today! And the cover story looks good. "ignorance of things past" by Lewis Lapham.
I just walked into a woman's fart. just a
I feel like all of my friends are annoyed by me.
Back 2 work ....GOOD MORNING !!! And a GREAT WEEK !!!
Today's wonder of SCIENCE: before surgery, they took my temperature with a small wand they touched to my forehead.
RT : Ryan: reporting that Orioles P Tsuyoshi Wada will require season-ending Tommy John surgery.
Nope QT : Havent i been there every other weekend
Finishing up re-read of childhood classic Melendy series by Elizabeth Enright with SPIDERWEB FOR TWO.
Also on a separate note ... After weeks of searching we found after prom dresses !!
Getting some more Tuesday i wanna do something special for
it's up to you. :o
Meet 2012 Weightlifting Olympian Sarah Robles
Now that you mention it...
Econ prof using a cigar box to hold his whiteboard markers.
Thanks for being a Truth Seeker!
I haven't smoked a cigarette in two years now. But today I bought a pack. Just in case.
You can talk shit behind her back? You badass.
Sorta misleading tweet. By "stories" killed you mean stories about their children, not about, say Iraq or health care.
Yah the descendants... Sis but live up to the hype. Kind of bad on by opinion. The Help was better
Parties & festivities still went on downstairs & body of Whitney lay upstairs.Hypocrisy-failing to practice those virtues that one preaches.
I need to cast out two people from my timeline. Like a demon!
Milwaukee Mustangs fall in their AFL season opener 71-65 to Arizona Rattlers. Rattlers scored winning TD with :05 left in game.
officially cool. Tell him to boo for all of us.
": hey honey!! ok we all have got to plan a trip somewhere asap! I feel lame! Lol" I'm in ,no turn back ;-)
congrats on representing team USA!
Thanks for that RT! :)
Morning... And thank you for.the follow. Love the new lineup!!!
Solid. thanks! trying to strategize. Will yell out "hi timborb's minions!" as I run by the aid station @ 24. :)
MT Thanks for helping spread the word.
i aint watching mayfeather till he fight pacman#who cares if he cheats beat him down.....mtm said it tired of cowards
why cant you all be funny?
That's what free agency is for bro.
I think I'd be the happiest child alive if you followed or tweeted me or both hahaha! :D <3
Man m
No solid food since 7pm last night and won't have anything but clear liquids until at least 14:00 tomorrow. IMA BE CRANKYPANTS TODAY! >:-[
lmfao omg u blonde
OH: The people who comment on trending topics are trolls.
I am asking a lot of questions of CFSA about staffing levels.
Hi Congrats on the pending launch of your new concept.
what's this SeaDog talk?
Deleuze:"natural phenomena are produced in a free state, where any inference is possible among the vast cycles of resemblance."
PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE
THE SMOKE GOT ME
A Webby Award, Mountain Dew, Star Wars, and Barbie [On My Desk ...
Its merry happy hump day.
likewise. I'm glad you and your parents were Able to make the game it was nice seeing u guys. I will be back soon
Making CUPCAKES for tomorrow. They taste so good :)
Happy Birthday! What you did is amazing. :-) so much respect.<3
lol it's cuz I'm fighting my bleep lol
Who are some of your must-follow Indy tweeters?
Another Super Bowl MVP for Eli Manning. And probably another $3-5M in new ad deals.
need more post on my computers facebook page, go to montecox on facebook find computers click on like button on the left hand side
I'm sure he meant it ironically.
“: Go grab single "next breath " on iTunes prod. By ”
Seeing and btr in 1 week omg hbfdsjkfdsjfksdh crying.
Happy 1 year & 10 months baby :) I love you Cory 
Hungry. Too late to eat. Damn.
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again.
had a hayday, leaving the bay tonight, catching next flight-thers a lot in sight and going to LA for the day.
“: Interesting that private sector panel at #bisnow event end up taking mostly about social media, and not mobility as such” agreed.
I love being talked about. I'm the center of every ones attention. I FEEL SO FAMOUS! :)
“: That is blasphemy David! And to smite you Tebow just scored ”
Heard about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way. We cannoli do so much, his legacy will become a pizza history. Here today, gone tomato
I'm in a good mood.... I'm dancing LMFAO .
FREE MUSIC - ADELE LOVERS - evanescence LOVERS - DRESDON DOLLS + MORE! "LIKE" PAGE PLZ! on.fb.me/qlwZTB
anytime! Feel free to shoot any more Q's our way, looking fwd to seeing you at the Fanfest in June!
I just saw that I am a '#Pioneer' on #CouchSurfing; please remember this when I request to surf furniture in a town near you.
if I'm even here :/ but I can't do that
I'm self-centered. I always brag about myself and put myself first for anything I do
Thanks for the follow. I love when local twitters connect.
Fans : "I love Austin Mahone!!" Mahomies : "I love Austy!!" See the difference?
wales? say hi to that prince dude 4 me! :)
Word!!! “: is the Only American Idol that can Sing "Queen" Like a King!”
Mad genius scientist has gone rogue in the Amazon jungle...or has she? State of Wonder by Ann Patchett,
never had that, but sounds amazing!
Miller: fundamental rethinking needed fir lub data to be used in wide range of applications; currently high barriers to sharing
GOOD MORNING, DC!! Visit Art Under Pressure today and make this Gray Day - a COLORFUL ONE! 4807 Georgia Ave. NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20011
Lol! I know I'm mad late
I think its kind of ridiculous how i have homework.....
Where the HELL is Quentin Tarantino?
I like dude!
Dear Twitter, an app update should be an improvement, mmkay? Now, roll back this new #TweetDeck crap quickly please.
Truth. However, MIA is by far the worst of all evils RT : my least favorite airport is "all of them"
While my Lakers work to hold down No. 3 in the West, wishing a big win tonight vs. Knicks with No. 8 in East on the line.
thank you. Let's hope he paints the corners all night.
Who's ready for the weekend?!?! I know i am! :D
See Superstar Ent own Live Sunday The Glow College Party! Ladies free to 10:30!
enlighting...! really enlightening!!!
JUST LEFT THE HARRIET TUBMAN SHOOTING RANGE AND HIKING TRAILS!🔫
Love, love your new avatar photo with 'censored' written across it. You go girl!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 2 Instant Tans for $40 or 5 for $70! Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Ask about our HUGE LOTION specials today!
Just finished work on score for short horror film "For Rent". I hardly know what to do with my time now!
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person''s physical, emotional, and mental states.
10 Degrees: Looking beyond Josh Hamilton's legendary week to handicap his free-agent market (Yahoo! Sports)
found some great seats for a good price for the sox/brewers game at us cellular field ...wont get them until plans are finalized.
What an honor to be part of the Rossier School family - Fight On!
Mark Murphy rockin' the toasts and passions for theater and the "great" start to Radar LA at REDCAT partaaaaaay
the state?
Thanks to some new followers!
If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
tyty! he even hated on me too, lol.
Same! I'm re-reading Last Sacrifice for the thousandth time lol its the only one I have right now but I've read them all
Gotta hit your free throws!!!
Nothing says Easter like a sermon featuring Martina McBride and Green Mile...
I seriously just want to scream til I cant breathe.
Great seieing you, too! Congrats for your wins as well. Everyone misses you but good luck with your new job.
I miss that show called Awkward.lol
RT : WHERE ARE YOU AT THESE DAYS PRESTON *>*Hanging in there...
ta caliente ;P
If BC is used by women and they then are sluts, what about guys using Viagra when the point of their sex is non=reproductional in nature.
At Cumberland Falls State Park checking out the Internet situation. It works, but it's not exactly high speed. More like medium speed.
This May edition of is one of the best overall with tips and tricks to make it happen for summer! Thanks self!
Thinking the Joe Vitt suspension of six games might be too light considering the latest report by
did they raise your salary, too?
heck yes he did lol
Don't forget! We're screening 'Waiting for Superman' at the Dryden at 6pm tonight. $8/public, $6/YPs. See you there!
Know of any research examining the relationship between social presence and academic integrity in online higher ed? Looking, but not finding
Like my circa 1992 DJ pic? Amazing that I still look exactly like that!
I cant wait to see Tanisha wedding
Right back at ya! Have a great Friday!
J. Crew $10 Million Settlement of TPG Buyout Suit Falls Apart, Lawyer Says
Yeah 1129 E. Baltimore St. Close to the Melo center
I really appreciated the phone call! Thanks!
Today is National Margarita Day. While I can appreciate the sentiment, what the heck are our lawmakers doing?
Headed home to spend some time with my fiancé before she leaves outta town tonight for the weekend
Loving all the enthusiasm about me and at prom. Thanks, , for posting and helping me pick out my dress!
u have the same birthday as my dad!! friday the 13th people rule!!
#directing & #writing #promo #video 4 ..check it out in your #app store -
I'll bring some back, I think we have plenty!
"How much do you pay for your #electricity?"
On the plus side, I leapt in to assist with explanations; now it seems my supervisor has more appreciation for me. Getting better? Could be.
we do not know for sure, but we believe honor society will be there :)
where did you see the slayer truck?
I really think the war on terror is a bunch of bullshit. Just a poor exuse for you to use up all your bullets!
Am loving that we're seeing more examples of pairing of devices based on #NFC. Will be picking up a Samsung Nexus S 4G this weekend.
Besides Batman, Jake Gyllenhaal is one of Josh's biggest inspirations.
La Cofradia will launch the Miami Spice menus July 18th, come in and enjoy Lunch or Dinner menus featuring our signature dishes.
It'll be good to see museums taking up a big cause in the future--activism where usually museums take the sideline.
Looking for fishnet stockings should not be this hard!!!! Uuugghh!!!
you know the old tradition right?(;
I want to start a campaign to give our moon a proper name. "The Moon" just doesn't cut it, and all the others have names.
Just finished putting together my presentation. Excited to visit you tomorrow and share examples of data as art.
Why is there still a stigma w/ dating websites?
Yes it was VERY! Multiplayer was lacking majorly.
I'm a proudosth of you.
I never noticed that, but you are totally right!
good seeing you again last night for bday!
hahaha....go yanks
Hey Carol..
[Passive aggressive tweet here]
Happy Friday Twitter Friends. Remember today is the Wedding Connection at 6pm
thanks for the shout out famo! U see the songwriting app we released for #Droid ?
In life comes hardship pushing threw and learning how to overcome the hardship is when you become self sufficient
Tough love is the best love it hurts you but its necessary
Curious about this "open bar" thing you're working with... just well? True you call?
UHH I HATE WHEN PPL TAG PPL IN TWEETS ON PURPOSE!!!
Lol! RT : it is difficult living in a ninja deficient country...
Romeo! Romeo! Ro-Me-Oh!
Body bombs? Meat glue? Porno Octomom? I'm never leaving the house damn you news.
A bit late, but the weekend was good!
6'7"Unsigned Senior Jamarcus Horace helping the Rytes Warriors control the paint and the glass. He is AVAILABLE!! GASO - Duncanville.
lol.... That's probably why I never heard of that gear; I can't even afford the D700 right.., haha!
Im going to try sleeping again woot woot
Thanks! RT : Thanks for voting No on
AT&T must enjoy being despised by its customers. Apparently one has to call AT&T customer service to disable voicemail.
#Brogrammer s watch out. The oldies are crying about us. I'm flexin, goin off.
I may have to plant my #garden early this year...
beginning work on accessioning 's Haiti Memory Project interviews into Nunn Center collection. Bilingual OHMS by fall i hope!
Finally booked a hotel room for New Years Eve far enough in advance lol. What up wraparound terrace suite at the
I would give anything for Nandos in the United States
uh for eternity!
Pissed the f*** off right now
great ideas! if you know anyone in any of those states, tell them to buy one & we'll make it!
Someday I'm going to bust a tooth from hitting the rim of my glass against it.
are you sure it's the designs?
having dreams every night. always good. never bad... b fun if they came true. but i no im not the only 1 to have ddub dreams
You guys definitely did meet! Just wanted to make sure you had contact info!
ull get there
Pretty excited that all you idiots are talking about Tebow again.
Fun game: www.berzerkstudio.com/games/homerun_in_berzerk_land?friend=UIWWildthing
ive wanted to follow me for the longest time....she probably wont even see this tweet
I would freaking LOVE a pizza puff.
The programs that have limits on them are some of the craft programs; those are preregistered, usually about 50.
Thank goodness for kegs with legs on Thursday! only Tuesday morning and I need a drink! A drink with cool ppl? Even better.
Okay nay-sayers...Who was wrong about the Magic who WON last night!
How do I have a B in Toffoli?
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
": Third game this year. Do u get VIP seats? My son and I are going to Clippers/Pacers game Tuesday night.
went last yr to the pink doors burlesque show. think family friendly trapeze show - but still fun backdrop to a dinner
So, back on Twitter. looking forward to tweeting about #gov20 #open311 #dataviz #infographic, design, new music biz models, &more, it's on!
Big wheels, bad hoes, run the block and we take yours. Supermodel, ride or die, bitch strapped wit my 45. lucky #13, hit yo ass with them 13
RT : Yes. Chocolate's not too bad.
How about Sleepers Awake
Good night everyone:D
Great shout-out, interesting product RT I'll say it again... LOVE that I can tweet from !
Sample disaster with dry cleaner...why?
I want someone provocative and talkative but its so hard when you're shallow as a shower. From what ice heard with skin you'll win.
I'll see what my money situation looking like...
fawk yew. bye
happy birthday
Hi there! Nice 2 hear from u. I did have breakfast 4 dinner btw. ;) RT Ahaha.. LOL dj ;) RT Breakfast for dinner?
you can send me a press release to Thanks!
2nd retraction: APD doesn't refer to people as scumbags, but as "dirt bags". Overheard on radio scanner last night. no bullshit, no joke!
Is H in preschool? My son's Montessori school is having a water experiment camp in July and I'm going to sign B up.
Hahaha! RT : Joel, my 2nd-grader: "I've eaten dog food and it's not as good as it looks."
tears in my eyes LOL I need to get Cali soon
I really need to get back into #Modeling & #Dance before its to late. I need to get over this #Shy bullshit.
Betta take 'em til they gone. The last pills kill the strongest infection causers that keep hangin on & won't die.
lock it in. AND - we get to speak on PST! Are you cathcing up with Rob?
My type of jokes.
I work in one of the best mix rooms in NYC, let's work on something! Get at me
You don't know nothin bout that Fly U young blood.
I'm really tempted to make my handle @ GuzzlerJenny...
hahaha as did I. As did I. Lets findum.
and here I thought you might be the genius behind that arrangement.
we plan to cut your hair on stage in Wichita. We love you that much <3
You too B
I can not wait to see new video .. NEXT 2 YOU.. SO AMAZING
just signed up to follow. best regards
Thanks guys! Share the wealth! b.
While you are pursuing your dream & being a performer, pls take time out to be just a person. That's how you realize it's enough.
Of course That would just be expected of such classiness.
Thanks! No one was sitting near me, so I had all 3 seats in my row to stretch out on. That was pretty cool.
Of course! I'll do so now :P
Who is going home?? Tough choice.
The best and shortest road towards knowledge of truth [is] Nature.
Jerry, George, Homer, & Marge.
Shit just got reall as'f quick as'f to :o
#SoYouMeanToTellMe just because im a girl i cant do what boys do.
i'm looking at a bunch of crushed ManU fans right now. It is hilarious.
I must disagree, respect the comma.
Hi Rick, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Hey, I love you most :p
Am I a psycho for laughing when people get hurt?
I'm glad to see more and more people coming on-board. The Co-Operative is the only fair way of doing business.
I Keep Promising My Self Too Have A Twitter Addiction Again...But Im Soo Busy ! -.-
ITS GAMEDAY!!! Coach Dunn and the Fins face stetson at 230 in the Semifinals! #fearthefin #maconmadness Let's Do Work!!
Much love to my tweeps!
And it's official... just signed a contract w #FluxDesign for remodel!! #STOKED! More info coming soon...
Watched #madmen. Am I crazy or is #dondraper's house the same set as the Bachelor Party movie with Tom Hanks?!?
So bummed I lost my Headers fidora :(
😌yeah I feel real peacefull....lol
Starting research for the next book...Text You for Teens.
Much on my mind...
Congrats, Troy! Will miss working with you.
I'm about to shower.. you?
morning srry im late
"and I should have kissed you goodnight" ❤
2 hours on hold ...has United gone dark? ;-)
Just finished a pretty long test>.< I feel accomplished (:
#OOMF needs to wake the fxck up!
Who beefing?? We Business men!!
And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with You.
Well congrats!
He makes me happy!(:
U got room left RT : I need sum new ink!!!!! Its gettin nice n i have no new wrk on me
Not looking very good for Fletcher
DITTO! Lets go
thanks for the mention.
do you even have my number ?
balu, billy go kill it!
Thanks Michael - I was proud of their work on that show and really appreciate your comment. Talk soon!
I hate how people can be so careless sometimes.
I think I'm getting a bruise.
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
or you say if life hands you lemons you say fuck the lemons and bail!
Was that shortlist ever announced?
Or maybe just pay my bills. Yes<3
I think I'll do all my shopping after sunset.
can I take you to an Orioles game on May 11?
need to book some airfare (5 tix) to Maui out of dallas in July, when is best time? Thx
FHA announced Tuesday that it has instructed Fannie and Freddie alternatives to the current servicing and compensation structure
(Girls Talkin Bout) " Where all the gurls with dimples" HERE! "Smile for me is that simple" Yes (me and mindless behavior take a pic)
oovoo me ASAP
#BandsILove Phoenix & New Crystal Dolls
Not quite! It's Garth (Kevin O'Reilly). Though will be in the scene this picture is from too, just not as excited!
I'm tempted to literally set fire to the rain. But, I can't because I'm in campus right now :/
that figures!
Cool - thanks! Wouldn't be surprised if tide is turning...or if it depends a lot on urban/rural areas.
| Thks 4 the follow. What is your unique twist?
diggin' the #pastels and color!
and badgers if you're unlucky enough to come across one.
Welcome to the Twitter-verse!!
Quick note before #D500 tonight, check out Zak Brown CEO talking about some big stories leading into the season
definitely has raw talent. He rocked the stage at Hollins U tonight.
Easy girls arent hard to get but the girls with self respect are hard to forget!!
sounds like maybe he wasn't waiting... he just forgot to follow up with you...
it always gets better. Just know that :-) trust me.
RT : Q6: parents/families can be engaged as students/co-learners so they, too, can be empowered via tech
Okay, so most years have been assholes to the Royals, but this one especially.
It can be hard to think of meals a week in advance but I highly suggest that you try to plan ahead as far as you can.
Thanks to all who came out last night to make the night an insane success. That #patio is now broken in.
that was a sick dunk. RT : ain't playing!!!
s/o to An underrated Hooper
No cell phone Sunday was a gas
Officially on Google+ thanks to
Keeping a record-it may be helpful for both the employer & employee to keep a record of all discussions, agreements,meetings held
Thank you!
Jonny is killing me with all these swag tweets!
I'm from DC, but my only baseball cap an Orioles cap!
hasn't happened yet. It's tomorrow at 11:00 in the convention center. If you're at Alamo 2morrow you can follow
Do you know what NAPA stands for? If not don't worry, I'm getting ready to film a video about the advocacy group so stay tuned
Cant wait to see Thomas and cheryl in two weeks
Hello November!
So cold outside
I will say this, without a doubt our fans travel well and make a showing GREAT JOB
What can we deliver for you today?
please follow me! I live all the way in Virginia and I can't go to your first concert! #FollowMeAustin :)
I liked the picture you took with me in Sacramento :)
Ya....it kinda does, just like the word...uh...uhm lol idk i cant think of one right nowlol
There's this girl; even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong. She's gorgeous. And she just finished reading this.
Dance was #amazing 🎧✨ three more rehearsals til competition:)))
Watching Laugh to keep from crying...
We're going 4 vs. 4 as both teams have a player in the penalty box.
email us at ..it is a possibility but we need more info.thx
i did but i tried to videotape but the guy ws like no no...
funny story... During Spanish (at 10:14) me & my friend got out of our desk & started yelling, so worth the trouble!
Dinner with Jaguars cb tonight - XO was on tonight.
Things on our mind: Tim Tebow; March Madness; 'Hunger Games,' and things in general that make us Hungry (*wink*)....oh, and this AMAZING SUN
ion see nun
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Lord I know you bout to do somthin big with me and my band but I just ask that you keep me humble and in your will
Okay, I talked with Mrs. A and she said that EVERYONE in the group needs to be committed.
Aww thanks! Glad I could make you smile too! I owe you an email - sorry! Give me a week or so to get that shoot on my radar!
me too!! Miss u! Can't wait!
Didnt know it was ☔ out side loving it tho.
Thanks for ur support We'd love to work with u. Check out our Vox Team &
"It's a beautiful morning" ~singing as I go!!
Looking forward to a great day of meetings with our partners at !
Much love new love real love tough love but its all love here
you... YOU KILLED US ALL
There really is no need to boo the Canadian anthem
do you do anything to get the wave or is it natural? Xx
Just looked at Slate. Format's annoying, but the exchange steers clear of pronouncements & so strikes me as more interesting.
Last week I worked for Styx this week I work for Lyle Lovett ....
rt "A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow." Charlotte Brontë ....so thats why I'm still up
Plus half way through writing it, 10 things would come out that could change your thoughts on the subject.
We discussed today in our class today. is doing some really cool stuff with
So far, so good RT : We're monitoring the weather, but CF Gates are scheduled to open on time at 4:30
Money is the ruin of every relationship.
hahaha.. I feel your pain!
I think the new indication of a good evening is how much battery life your phone has at the end of it
My last moments spent with my loved ones
If you're a bird, I'm a bird. <3
Hi- I got a msg from you that said "read this yet, there is a horrible blog going around about you" Should I ignore it?
I guess things haven't changed there since I left.
Me too! RT : Excited to learn about by at
looking forward to your tweets! Follow back and if you or any of your customers need our service give us a call !
I shoulda stayed! And we could have continued to beat Lucas at pool! Haha
can you believe me yes me Dennis The Menace is calling it an early night. well gnight peeps im beat! got allot going on tomorrow.
hahahaha yeah I'm pretty sure he thinks we're dumb!lol(;
ALL I wanna do is step outside n Scrap....I dnt give a fuck with who....its been to long since my last fight...
RT : Talking Baseball with 's Allan "Bud Selig" on April 10, part of 's Robert Taylor Lecture Series:...
Back @ the County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow with Walker Martin on fiddle! 6-9pm
He was one of the people who voted no on the Middle Class Tax Holiday. His reason was that it would cut into SS.
Hill with 29
do you want to only display part of the post its self, or are you truly using the post excerpt field in the post editor?
yes yes yes!
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty—Coco Chanel
Seriously, WHAT IS THE RUSH?! This has gotten completely out of hand.
Seriously. Absolutely crushes by old macbook w/ 2gb of ram every single day. Someone has to do it.
Wish it was already over.....
When I was 8 I was obsessed w/ it.
You know you're at a womens conf #Savor when u hear "think w/ your crotch" & warm up w/ belly dancing!
are you talkin about 2nite or Tuesday
I wonder what alex thinks about all this...
Thanks for the #FF you guys. Real swell of you.
So very happy for you!! Congratulations on your upcoming #graduation from a very random fellow #Longhorn !!
May's issue of "Collins Connection" is nearing completion. Don't miss out! Join our mailing list at
The joys of tipton county...
Handlebar Mustache
Get it out of there, Kansas.
All I wanna do is spend money , laugh, eat & have fun.!!
I'm an NPC in the game of my life.
Soo tired! Lazy sunday for me I think
Enjoy your weekend! RT : It is most definitely wine thirty.
Home bound. Can't wait to see Carlos!!!
Programming note: The world-famous, often-imitated, never-duplicated #sbchat will start tonight at 9:30 pm. ET. Get ready for sports biz.
are you indirectly talking about me? (; ahahahah justkidding
Awkward moment when no ones bee on this for like ever.
With Terrell Suggs probably out for next season, Courtney Upshaw's learning curve just got a bit steeper.
Don't 4get 2 talk about the total lack of respect Rs currently show the POTUS; publicly rooting 4 his failure.
aw you guys can join our fam! C: there's plenty of room
I went there before!! OMG :o I feel cool :)
Holiday trains are totally gross. People still work today!!
I try to come up with the best things to say to and for them to follow but it never works
There is a point in time when your friends stop being your friends and become family.. Im so blessed to have a bunch of brothers & sisters!
I appreciate you caring & all, though~ hah
Someone should create a fake "Good Jose Veras" account. You'd only have to tweet once a month
oh darn i ment most. Of ur quotes written in my binder
Thanks Red. I hope so too. Hope you have a wonderful Friday as well, and a great weekend. Enjoy.
Ugh this child is retarded the hell she savage as Fuck lol
he wanted to know if i wanted to go out again, bc he had a great time. how did HE have a good time? i thought the suffering was mutual?
I am who i am and that is how it will remain!
Now Wackie Jackie Z and Mrs.Wackie are giving away tickets to"The King Of Honkey"! I love them! I wish they would adopt me.
*~when Diggy comez backz to Detroit ima have to get backstage *cough* mke it Music Hall i got my connections dere :P lmao~*
Anything that deals with cognition, e.g. Cognitive Psych or an Ed Psych program that includes cognitive theory.
A show at Greene Street along with Shadows of Regret and None of the Above in the works for around the beginning of summer!
Just saw Beauty & the Beast in 3D. Think should cover that & all Disney tunes
As I was saying, not exactly the way I like to spend a beautiful spring day, but must be done!!
when I was 9 #orioles put in OF Larry Harlow to pitch and the expansion Blue Jays protested - didn't know position players could pitch
my sole motivation for this is to do what's natural for the human body. if we have to supplement and fortify our foods...
LOL at my leg hair....
Sitting in a Burger King that is playing Bright Eyes. Quite surreal.
It's that time of day again! Come in and unwind from your Monday!!
I'm very proud of my #farmville farm. 18 different varieties! Yum.
The stories we tell ourselves shape our lives & our world… Hey, you need to tell more stories… Stories influence the decisions people make.
Loving the nude/blush trend on the red carpet. Wish I could pull it off. Oh wait, I'd need a reason to get dressed up first.
Wow I cant quote anything with out it getting misunderstood.....
Do you have any amazing road trips planned for the Spring/Summer? Where to?
yes!! Best show ever
Date night w/ tonight? Yes, please! Predicted #rainstorm will make it even easier to stay inside w/ dinner & movie.
Oh okay that's fine and I see Chris Brown is backing you up.
We fcks wit you my dude.
and there's already a snake I see: The protagonist? Can I play that part? ;)
Just heard a great call by Marc Barrett. Icon in the industry and sharing his knowledge with others.
holy hangover ......
our #doubledutch crew isn't quite the same without our music, hopefully #chblockparty lets us bring in our jams today to make double, dutch
boo. i missed it too...which is definitely
You sound unintelligent when you'r impressed that someone uses high school words like "juxtapose". Just talk about football.
Writing conference reports makes me feel like a much less interesting Nancy Drew.
You don't. Just light a candle.
That's precisely how I address my students.
Another sunny yet chilly day in #Milwaukee. I'll take the sun, but wish it was warmer!
Please stop crying.
Winding down a wonderful birthday. Thanks, for making this day, and every day, worthwhile.
Performing tonight at 10pm at the Purple Onion, come by and say hi. Then maybe stay for the show.
Lolol oh well,
you're hanging out with the wrong people then
Mother Nature - you made it rain 2 days in a row in #ABQ. You ok? Feeling alright? Maybe you should sit down, take a load off.
I love Greg Kinnear. And you can't stop me.
Hey ms lady, how are you?
Good Morning!(:
Nightmares so I couldn't sleep so I'm strapped down through the weekend , my mask on like I'm trick or treatin
Frustrated, but this phrase on mind mind and making me laugh : "3 am, we have to stop meeting like this. I'd much rather sleep with you."
Congrats on a great game!
cept for Jesus.. he did alot but made no mistakes(:
No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats -- approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
oh woops :D aha(:
"Outcasts" is true tale of Atlanta kids' soccer team of refugees, the "Fugees." Fun read.
someone kick him off the stage!!!
Much like Volstad was tonight. Struggled in first, has settled in since...Right now, 3ER through 4
GREAT TWEET
I just uninstalled Adobe #Dreamweaver. I feel so liberated!
At the gym :)
Had fun at the community fair. c: I met a lot of middle school kids. They were nice. (:
I've always wanted to get in a taxi & say, "FOLLOW THAT CAR".
love your avatar!
Why do people always think my name is Rachel? lol
If an interesting monster can't have an interesting hairdo I don't know what this world is coming to. - Bugs Bunny
i swear i cant stand people who bitch out about everything
...Thank you, Pratt-SILS, for making me feel awesome. :-)
The ride through Camden is surprisingly scenic.
you do sexy so well! and we can shop while on facebook? love it!
Check out the comedy RAFTA, RAFTA… Use code: Bollywood and save $10.00 per ticket. www.TheOldGlobe.org
Check out our Shop Helmet City tab. Get great gift ideas and browse our great selection of helmets and gear without ever leaving facebook!
I thought AR points were due Monday. I was up until 2 o' clock in the morning for nothing?!!
Happy Women's History Month!
well they dont have a shirt for that ...
Did u want to see somethine
Scratchy is done! : Best news of the day: Gus the annoying spokesgroundhog for the PA lottery has been given a pink slip!
omg is this a bridesmaids quote!? ("hold on for one more day")
Launch party 5/31 is going to be off the hook! Who's coming?
Eric Church's "Love Your Love The Most" made number 8 on CMT's Top 20 Countdown today
Not surprised. He's a hottie.
I wish I was at that paper. I really don't understand that argument
I GOT DIS DUDE SAVED UNDER HIS NAME , slash PAT BUS . CUS I MET HIM ON THA PAT BUS :O
Oh shit im still tired. So abouts to knock out. aha. Oh shit forgot I have to see if Im going to birthday thang.
Anyone wanna FaceTime?
you kids are great, let's find a way to collab!
I want a boy who will actually chase after me if I tried to walk away ...
WHY IS THERE CAT HAIR EVERYWHERE
Thanks WEVL for being so rockin
thanks for the spotlight. At roughly 350M of us that is close to 2.2 Billion pounds of trash a day!!!
I'm gonna watch the Spanish channel, even though I don't understand it, just because pirates of the Caribbean is on
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA You guys are crazy!♡
On my first day of school my parents dropped me off at the wrong nursery
Colony Endeavor BMX Freestyle bike white 2075 2008 - bmx bikes for sale cheap
I know! I wanna bring him home and snuggle him but I think he's a free spirit.
Folate in spinach is important for building & maintaining healthy cells, especially healthy red blood cells needed for heart health.
"How are the academics in the Mars League?" I asked . "Cucumber buttermilk heartflowers!" he replied.
Jut freaked the f out because I thought followed me but I should of realized that won't happen
Shia LaBeouf's best role was in the Disney movie Tru Confessions
ah. Sorry i miss that. Got some reporting code to fix. But I will definitely be at TEDxSJCA and would love to meet the curator
says the kid who cried about his foot.
Broxton says sit the fuck down #Rangers!
LOL yeah i know(;
Hey PGH! Open yer pubs & whisky bottles Tap your kegs & pull down your stools Were coming thru & we're thirsty fucking bastards!
is the best, what is supposed to be? I can't see it
Let's take just a second to note Apple's absolute silence on #SOPA /
In the studio designing business cards for my clients, if ya need biz cards, flyers, or marketing materials get at me.
check us out on main stage at this year's Vans Warped Tour! ... no? maybe just promoting!
I surer as hell hope so and soon. It is quite depressing coming home to an empty house.
Why is a sorority girl like railroad tracks? She's been laid all over the country
“: #ithurtswhen The world is eating BBQ and dip and I'm "being good."” amen sister. Can I have some #chipsandsalsa now?
Yeah. I'm going to see Hunger Ganges now.
OK OK OK Here is the scoop!
clue could you interview ja rule when he get out it won't be long
holy goosebumps, that performance killed!
Illinois is now the Shaw Me State!
thanks for all the #FFs today... we're inching closer to that 1,000 mark.
Sweet Tea is seriously the nastiest shit ever. I hate it. So gross.
we just got the cutest Halloween Costumes in stock! come check them out!!
UK has shut down our interior O. Need outside shots to open it back up
#1001MiamiWaysToDie contracting a disease caught from the south beach savage
YAY YAY YAY. RT : I can't take it any more. I'm calling in to the
From revolution to freedom?
my jaw is the ultimate drum machine.
Wow great long night for me
Just heard you all mentioned on HLN, wish all schools had the same rules ....
If I find any, they're all yours! I support my local kinksters.
Gonna watch #Warren the Ape pretty hilarious stuff
Happy to see Lebron James back in action!
go like me on facebook!!! look up cortney taylor under pages!!! 123 GO
Wow u have alot of girls tweeting ya! LOL
Tweet tweet
BITCH IM NVER GOING NO WHERE IM HZ MAIN SQUEEZE....BLAH BLAH BLAH
. thanks for the #ff !!! Happy weekend :)
Nothing like egg sandwiches and street coffee to start a Friday morning off right!
I just need a clone. Or a drink.
See you tonight at The Pretzelmen show? Midnight!
I would have bought ya any wine you'd like since I've learned so much from you. La Cave (great wine joint in vegas)
dude spread the word, we'll hook you up!
today marks a sad day because it is the Final episode of Season 4. After today, I can't wait for season 5!!
If the deadegsist in the past than I must atend to the futer
haha I didnt like brave & the bold either I just dig spidey thet did alot right & using those less known char is smart
oh yes, the governor of Wisconsin, no relation to the Walker Brothers. Re Beckham - hey, just quoting POTUS...
I be that pretty muthafuckaa
Tonight! and wil be performing at iOWest based off of your date story! Come on out! We have comps! !!!!!!!!!
That feeling when you know that you have lost your best friend and you can't do anything about it.<<<<<<<<<<
"It'd be great for me if all companies used " quips "It'd be great for my life too!" answers
WE ARE GOING TOO MAKE #CHILL A WORLDWIDE TREND CAUSE YOLO . (;
nice still trying to master manual in daylight over here
Thanks for the great suggestions! I'll definitely check some of them out tomorrow.
Very unlikely.
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward.
I love your show, but do wish you had a better night. Friday is "date night".
Hey Alex!! How was your day??
That is REALLY thoughtful! Hats off to him as well!
i have a challenge for you today..see the inside: not the outside... you will know when the time is right. might even be many times :):)
We'll be in NYC in April, any recommendations on restaurants we can get something healthy? Or that you'd like us to blog about?
Hey City Gear has great deals this weekend ,take an extra 20% off all red tag Shoes!!!!! and Apparel!!!!
Chill, chill ,chill:)
2/3 tht he is writing her life story and all of us r here to help him write it and that we love her and for her to never give
Check out collusion.toolness.org - find out which companies are tracking you in a visual map. Works only in
I'm not sure. If someone is trying to put one together I think they should do that too. I'd love to be a part of it!
*Note* 'being a good boss means hiring good people and then getting out of their way (in most cases)' - overheard
This next song im writing is dedicated to those who feel alone, this songs called "Destroying what destroys you"
The Avengers was Great!
“: “Everything happens for a reason.” No you just screwed up.”
we always make it at home and it is so much healthier!
A million words spoken are far out-weighted by 3 simple words spoken, which are followed by action...
there's something about my friend that i can't stop thinking about like he understands me...
Thanking the opera gods that I have a night to rest before heading into busy weekend of labor negotiations, auditions, MGF and Stern Grove!
Everytime i say how excited i am about the #WinterClassic ppl look at me like i'm fucking insane. I hope #UGA gets smoked today
This weekend is devoted to Marcus Luttrell's forthcoming book SERVICE. The rest of you will have to wait until May!
Yes, that is the program of that we were talking about. Absolutely something to promote.
Great day to cuddle and watch a movie :)
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days I'm down.
Demonstrate to the company what you can offer them in advertising for there donation. Should be 3-4 advertising benefits
u aint gotta computer with a web cam
- Thanks for following!
hey, this is easy.
Earth day > 420
Congrats on resigning with the Chiefs! You define what an NFL Pro is all about.
Hey James, you could not have said it better!
ETA? I'm going to go be sleeping by 8
Waking up to these little demon bug things<<<<<
I wait till next week
no camera tonight, but #magicORGANS anniversary special coming soon!! :)
Lab TA wins heavy sleeper award. Just champed through a projector screen crashing up and the lights turning on w/o stirring.
And so it goes... Great game. Sad finish.
Anytime Melva. We like what you're doing with #HIV prevention.
great article!
Have you seen children at play recently? They can make games out of candy wrappers.
Clue to Centenarians&#39; Longevity: A Mediterranean Diet
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 right after Spicewood Springs
This Friday, 4-13, in Stockholm, tell King Carl & Queen Silvia 'to recognize'; they are Swedish royalty, you, are ours! :)
I LIKED IT:) CANT WAIT FOR MORE
It took me until January 7th to actually tweet about the Bruins.
Dear Spring, I'm sorry for whatever I did. Please come back soon.
But sometimes, I really WANT there to be a place with no computers! Must unplug!!!!!
u got my Gmail?
Thanks dude! I linked to it. That BTS shot blew my mind after seeing it
I've never loved you more.
Celebrating 25 years empowering information professionals with skills & tools for text and image management: Legal Information Management.
I'll take him or Blackmon, but if they draft Tannehill I won't root for them this season
Got no pussy this week :(
I don't think so. Make sure no one has a credit card on file.
"Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."[Pablo Picasso]
Van bought me a beautiful bracelet and a necklace at a yard sale. He is so thoughtful :)
#IfItWasntForTwitter it was for YOU
"Wine makes daily living easier, less hurried, with fewer tensions and more tolerance."⁰Benjamin Franklin
Alright MLB fans -- playoffs are right around the corner. Who you got?
I got one this morning - "Your code is broken." Turns out he was entering the wrong password…
LOL exactly RT : ....and TOTALLY REDEEM yourself!
I think going to a concert is long overdue..........can't wait for the tour to start!!!
Works for me!
SKY LOUNGE! Our Nightly drink special are $3 AMF, $3 Coronitas, More Will be Available at the Bar. RSVP For Friday (602)229-1110
Haha I guess I won't bother then. Sigh. RT : New G+ iPhone app still sucks.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! FOLLOW EACH OTHER TO GAIN!
NBA is back yo
@ Hey Lisa, miss you sweetie! Welcome to Twitter :)
Corsets are surprisingly comfortable
Austin has hazel eyes. (: RT if you love his eyes. ♥
My new phone case came today, but I can't get my phone out of the old case.
Just thinking about learning styles. Are you a better self-study or being taught? Do you point to information or do you teach?
#reunion with my #hofstra girls ah love them <3333
niggy im iffy about going to the hs bc it is all depressing now. Plenty teachers retired, plus maestras problem :(
"Santorum momentum is real" I call #Bullshit #MSM #Propaganda - #Americans want - Don't be silly (shrills)
Many great folks arriving at
Have You Seen Any Of His Videos?
join me near front.
Have to have a background check to be re-certified as a USA Ultimate coach. # of addresses in the last 5 years? 7. In 4 states.
Did you see The Kills last night at the ? Stellar, right?!
3/idk how many, she need help like now so go out and #PRAYFORDANICA I want her better I hate to see danica get sick and when she does it
#EverydayIThinkAbout The circle of life and how beautiful it is to be alive.
I wonder where is at? Haven't heard from you in days.
great reading the other night at boswell! cool to hear you on fresh air, too! you're our next book club pick. rock on!
lots of things...
Elizabeth Park of John L Scott Real Estate (Barkley Village) is probably one of the most helpful people I have ever met!
New Orleans Head Coach suspended for a YEAR without pay…wow!
from 2 hours still listen who says, haha, i love it! ♥ :)
Is it valuable outside the trilogy (e.g., for teaching, or a quick review?) Can it stand alone? Also: fun? I snored thru Empire
Been slacking on my tweet game tho lol ... Hello world
I love my friends<3
well let's stop feeling shitty and get happy.
sorry to hear you didn't have the best experience. Is there anything we can do to help you?
oh yeah
BAHaHa I kno rite! Here's 2 hopin Timmy tries Xtra hard 2nite, & I'll catch the ball if he misses, one handed!
That feeling of being unwanted or only wanted when needed for convenience.
// Liked your article on Thought maybe could've been on there, but loved that you put Cowboy Bebop!
Life is too short to waste a single second with someone who doesn't value you.
To all of you who think north koreans are "mourning"..get the fuck out from under the rock in which you live. They are scared and hated him.
Please may i say; or let someone ruin it for you; 1 dumb act NOW on impulse can ruin many things for a long time yet to arrive.
Your career dreams get closer with every small step you take. Are you walking towards them?
Ginger Binge tonight at 8 pm. I'll be w/ two other acts, Jeffrey Martin and Mercedes Martinez. See you there!
ugh this Grey's Anatomy is almost too disturbing to watch
and killer riding in turtlenecks and flippity-flops
Thanks for the RT Anthony!
Any teachers have good or bad experiences with KhanAcademy??
Portland Personal Trainer Kisar Dhillon Offers Fat Blasting Exercise Tips To A Six Pack
IM GOING THERE.. WHAT TIME YOU GONNA BE THERE? I HAVE A DEMO FOR YOU TOO
You don't know how to do magic? Pfft.
ok thank you :) that was so kind of you to check on me. Thanks for the advice..keep me in prayer.how r u
I watched the entire speech. You have an awesome Senator.
i hope you guys like my boobies
dyrdek day gotta love it
#MLV bidding on ya homeboy in a charity auction.
Ha! Just remembered Super Spud & Butterboy's secret identities: Tommy Tater and Lonnie Land O'Lakes. I crack myself up.
I was just reminded that I'm watching a TV show in real time. My inability to fast forward is giving me an anxiety attack.
That's what they all say. I hope you are doing well. Keep up the good work on that station I can't mention.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
Spring fever > February flu.
Today I learned that 14 million kids receive free or reduced price meals at school. It's sad that it might be their only meal of the day.
What a douchebag. Typical Patriot RT : Happy Birthday Gary Coleman !!! Yeah *DiddyVoice* take that ! take that !
Don't forget, Greg Shibley will be playing Acoustic Guitar Thursday Night from 7pm to 9pm.
happy 2 tweet you! Would love to tell u about our ecommerce system that would be great 4 some of your clients!
If you're going to be at the American Library Assoc. con in Washington DC June 25-28, stop by & see Sarah at table 4141!
The Chik-fil-A at Jefferson Pointe has free chicken biscuits until 10:30 this morning.
was finally useful for something she helped TeamRaw win at Mania!
Hi there! Be a pal and unlock my badge! Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
We are pleased to sponsor today's lunch for #MSMECA12 attendees. Please visit us at Booth 64.
OMG YES that shit works out your legs like a mofoooooo
I completely agree that teachers need to be readers. They also need to be writers, mathematicians, etc.
And get the earth shaking with Don Braden, Mark Rapp, the Clayton Brothers and the Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra www.gailboyd.com
nigga its just the simple fact... His wife ain't do him dirty by leavin n taking his money
easter bunny takes a breather- bought plastic easter eggs, water guns, bubbles, princess costumes, transformers, jelly beans, & starbursts
GaTech will play Air Force in Shreveport, LA on 12/27. Don't worry fans, Shreveport has the R.S. Barnwell Memorial Garden & Art Center!
dont worry, were full of surprises
It may be crappy weather today, but Thursday calls for 61 degree weather and possibly some pirates.
This bitch ain't in her feelings a bitch ready to strip with no hands YOSO :)
RT Just an FYI: In Physics there's such thing as Flux & such a thing as a Capacitor but there's no such thing as a FluxCapacitor
wow, i now have 900 followers on twitter. do i get a prize or something? :)
started following me. Soon she'll learn that nothing I tweet is newsworthy. And very little is re-tweetable.
it loaded fine (but slow) on my iPad2; the button controls are too small to use, did fullscreen and some rotations, then crashed
-Fascinating story about his life and the business of hockey.
yeah no doubt! I'm more of a warm weather fan especially when I spent most of March in 75 degree weather
I know, I know, slow down. On another note, I'm thinking a trip to San Diego may be in order in Nov.
ya'll crack me up.
Is there a code?
You will respect me. Simple as that.
we don't have set plans for it yet but I'll look into it for you!
What exactly RT : Taking one for the team
thanks for the retweet!!
lol she did and than did her sleepy moan to show that she was annoyed lol. Than she stretched and went back to sleep x)
was truly amazing to be in the presence of greatness this weekend with
Yesterday's Spring Bridal show was so much fun. We enjoyed meeting lots of 2013 brides and making some new vendor friends too!
: Thank you for your feedback. We have passed it on the product team.
I've given you my all, and now I'm nothing.
Went to Alan Liu's talk tonight
RT : Thanks! I will check it out. Great thanks
girl problems :P lol
A question mark.
So funny A lady saw me in a store and yelled "hey isn't that the loofah lady? i got very strange looks as in a huge question mark lingered
I had a cracker for breakfast and a glass of water for lunch.
More EP work today \m/
My drawing came out like a little kidd drew it xP
you're weird.
Caffeine and lack of sleep maybe? RT My eye is twitching and it looks like I'm winking at everyone.
michigan fruit. Lol. Yes bright, giant oranges, apples and bananas. I wouldn't do it in NY.
Calling him a man-hoe and a player was bad enough, but now you're spreading rumors that we cheated? Really?
. yes please!
Before I die I have to see in concert, she's simply beauitful!
I have a handful I follow on blogger - have a great joint blog! I also recommend joining the DailyMile community
oh frank you my long lost friend. How are ya??
Happy Thanksgiving, all!!
#tu320 500,000 apps to be created this year -you can't hide.
It's dissapointing to see a high level media member refer to fact-based arguments with rhetoric like "hatin'"...
Thanks for the follow. Love you guys.
your welcome. Really wonderful. Enjoy your day.
Djoker playing ridiculously. Gets to more balls than anyone.
Awww :( I'm Sorry To Hear That Doll :(
Hiring Children to Work for Parent's Unincorporated Business Here is a tax-saving idea for those who operate a business... consider hiri…
Hey , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting?? :) for birthday?
Happy Mothers Day To ALL My Mothers Out Here. Especially The Single Mothers. Much Love. Enjoy YOUR Day Of Honor - JayPrince
Thanks to the 333rd follower/like-er, musician C. Jenkins. You (and everyone else) make this all special.
Seitan marinated in soy, brown sugar, ginger and sesame oil over rice with #farmersmarket corn!
Thank You #MLK for enduring everything you had to so that I don't have to. Rest In Peace and Happy Birthday.
Err, DownThemAll. Then question is... where / how to post?
yeah im gonna go :) are you?
lol well, its midnight/ball is over for this cinderella clucker. lol lets talk tomm.
#greys didn't Meredith flunk a major end of season exam once?
boy i feel so weak, the drugs i did lastnight, i will never n life do again!... Troooooooooof
#rochmn Retired Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra harpsichordist Layton James plays with the RSO tomorrow concert 2 performances!
Nice. Get it sis
Late time drinking a cold one and listening to tunes with trav for a while
Thanks for the follow!
Happy 64th Birthday Israel!
Tomorrow's Friday. Where'd the Week go?
FW says no one named Tiffany is mean. My response: "But her name starts with tiff..."
Glad you were there...didn't see ya. Hard to rock out to recorders though.
You guys actually remember all your Life Events? [sips from coffee mug full of NyQuil]
I did notice! You have great taste. :D Andy is my nephew and I'm so proud of him and his band.
okay :D
Share how you continually look for contingency options & proactively adapt plans/priorities.
If you're going to Gator By The Bay, park at the County Administration Bldg for free, then catch the shuttle. Sheraton parking is $15.
67 in and Munich is putting up a fight!
No reason 2 rush & put a time limit on creativity. I like makin music that ppl dont turn off wen they hear it lol
Thanks for including us in LeadGen top stories!
Scared money dnt make no money lol so i must be brave
i'm so sorry to hear that! i hope everything goes well! you're family is in my thoughts and prayers.
Wanna know what you need to do?
how can you tweet with all these classes to worry bout smh
yeah i dont know if i can deal with opening weekend crowds
: My point. That Nuggets team, like the other teams in the playoffs are more athletic than ANY team Jordan faced.
Justin gets, Cody will never get it because no one knows who he is to say anything! :D lol
not sure on that one yet, but I'm thinking you should share if you find it!
yes. actually, i do know where you're going. you taught me these type of thins when i was 7...
I hate it when people ask famous people to retweet there stuff about something stupid that prolly isn't even true...
Dude I'm with you my man. Those are some of the best songs of all time. Best Rapper Alive, Tha Mobb /Cc
I love you too beautiful<3
You'll get over it just like Larry Bird!
hey thanks! Hope everything is well in CA.
Quite frankly, I've always thought that what libraries needed was a little more cowbell...
problem may not be with students but with assignments (e.g. staple paper, use 12 pt font--not research process)
Editing after dinner but being called to the hot tub. Man, that sounds almost glamorous.
Like it for Indian foods. Use caution-little goes a LONG way.
i continue to walk while throwing up. #noshame #carlproblems .
are you reading poetry?!
We have all had those tweets that are simple and innocent and expand to include loads of ppl for a long time. THAT!
Hey love you lots, but could you update your editor so Chrome's built-in spellcheck works? Yours...leaves something to be desired
YES!!! there singing Cell Block Tango!!!!! My Song!
Back dat ass up!
What an ass.
BEAT THE HEAT!!!!
I've been playing skyrim to point where my girlfriend is gonna take the game and hide it:)
Very. Good book, though.
Finally getting my grill to and 's house. Can't wait to christen it.
yea buddy!!
Thanks for the
I promise you will.
Hah, you might have to go into a bidding war with Lexi!
lol, yes, we all know I'm a make out queen. king? something
I really hope Hannah tells us how many texts she gets.
7 year old just said "TV is good for learning how to give attitude, be a rebel and what conditioner to buy"
The most beautiful day in weeks. And weeks. Makes one believe in a higher power in the universe ... the void is smiling at us I think.
Awh yeah the new episode of the Closer !!
what a lovely day. (:
great call by said it would be a 3rd quter blow out on tonight before the game
I love when it rains
#1 but it was a tough choice.
Many, many people have recovered and lived productive, law-abiding lives after having been convicted of a crime...
GB = worst D ever.
Good luck to and Women's Hoops this evening as they take on Texas Tech at the Big 12 Tournament!
Special thanks to for saying "Dreams...besides being the mind's subconscious porthole, is a new East Bay indie supergroup."
#Google+ piques my interest.
RT : We sent out a special promotion for a Tagwhat channel after #msconf. If u havent received it, tweet us!
UH OK LOLL
Shout out to mystery dude on big screen wearing an shirt at #Sixers just now.
this is really a cool song by michael jackson and akon two thumbs p
. I've been silent about it because it speaks for itself. I built up a business, and the owner is tearing it down.
Two great shows this weekend! EleventySeven & The Great Transparency Friday @ The Loft! Rachel Platten & Bess Rogers Saturday @ Redamte!
Nice to meet you! Keep in touch w/ us!
ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
And he wants to kep seeing me on the bl what should I do help me he hot tattooed up latin guy who likes me I'm him first guy ever hewas with
#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!
Signed up for half marathon... Trying to decide if #crossfit will help or hinder my training?
When guys have muscular arms <<<<<
Home for The latest spring break in the history of all college spring breaks
go to the gym with me that early before heading to the Isle
Thank you. It's still a little strange, what my hobby is becoming. Most people I know didn't even know about it.
well death cause someone who is going to die usually goes to get taken care of
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
Aw, I am soo happy you're ok!! :)
RT It's Memorial Day weekend - Sis Edna's Jewelry-50% off this weekend. Really beautiful! Proceeds benefit St Ann's Center
Bitch!! How about I go fuck you up and beat you with a fucking pad lock. U white trash whore. I'm not unemployed. I get checks!!
Leapfrog Explorer Recharger Model 39050 Retail 3999 - leapfrog explorer
www.livemixtapes.com
writing at Coco cafe in nashvegas today--never again. it smells like a porta john in here. gag.
#almost got supended for being out of uniform in a #puBlic school
Rich Is For The Moment Wealthy Is ForEver!.
"The elite have been inbreeding for far too long."
I walk like this cuz I can back it up. I talk like this cuz I can back it up 💋
YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! When I loaded a couple of new pictures yesterday, my Easter pics magically appeared on the card! I have them!!!!
my old best friend is texting me again! this is new...
Moving day today!! We can't wait to show off our new Chandler facility!
Sure, I'd love to move to Wisconsin for a short term contract, even though I told you I'm not currently in the market.
I can't even see anyone when hes with me he says hes so in love hes finally got it right I wonder if he knows hes all I think about at night
#MyThoughtsDuringShowers What if the bar of soap has a Jeanie in it and while you were gettin' your lather on, some Aladdin shit happened...
Congrats! You sounded great,... I'm pulling for you
the wedding invites are starting to pile up for the next year...i'm gonna be one broke girl
Alightments too, but that isn't really tracked. Bonus: basic demographics w/o personal info!
no I meant to say producer... I'm using this phone sometime it type wat it wants!!
Look up a band called powderburn they are an awesome local band in Tx
Let's go Pacers!!!
Do I need to make a reservation for Valentine's day?
ya likewise. This just means more gin & tonics saved up for next weekend instead.
In many European countries, tradition dictates that any man who refuses a woman's proposal on Feb 29 has to buy her 12 pairs of gloves
“Females are programmed to look for older men w/ resources, while males are still programmed to look for younger women w/ adoring gazes."
Dui check point at 41st and main in front of the blood center...be safe people...
good question. My page won't be. I'm tired of it already
Try the new TONNO TUNA -White albacore tuna w/ a preserved lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, basil, provolone, tomato, & cucumber
We are getting ready to start our 5th year of Quest Summer Theater Workshop( I know it seems early but it takes all year to prepare).
Ready to go back to Boston
“ Let go of petty grievances. If someone wants to harbor unforgiveness against u, that's on them..YOU let it go. #TheSW”
thank you so much <3 i love your pic .... are you and Ariana<3<3
Eating sushi from my late sis n law, April Joy's fav spot. I'm thankful for her life and the love she showed me on this side of the grave!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.. You are appreciated EVERY day!! You're always there through the good and bad times.
He Bein Mean
Jerry Rice continues to seek treatment in retirement and found it extra helpful during his "Dancing with the Stars" competition.
Getting ready to volunteer at ForKids Art Auction tonight in Norfolk
cool, where at?
It's nice that #Rip is looking good, we'll need him as #Rose gets back to health. Awinisawin, come #post-party and watch the #Cubs/Phils!!
hey guys! Hope we can work together and make a fun video to show how delicious Firehouse subs are. Let me know :)
Nothing like a little Rock Lobster to jam to at 230 am to help get ya thru Los Angeles.
NFL football has begun!
Just got home from volleyball practice...had so much fun...watch Aliamanu...WAIALUA IS COMING FOR YOU...
tweet back asshole
ya! I am doing the science fair and im making the san francisco bridge made of straws
Every job created in tech sector brings three other jobs in other sectors. -Kaufmann.
I'm not sure Jamison needed to go. If he's not coming back what's the point.
have a nice day. :-)
Last chance! RT : Labor Day sweepstakes! Follow us by 11:59pm Mon & you will be entered to win a dozen cupcakes...
Tonight I'll be modeling fungal growth in ruby-processing with L-system, right after I finish understanding L-systems.
This makes me glad that I'm on the Red Line. I've heard stories about the "Orange crush"...
Ugh!! People are so fucking rude!
"When we have a question, we look in a book." good advice from Super Why. Maybe I should use this for my undergrads? :)
VOlunteer Orientation, Literacy Tutor Training and Literacy Session 5! Call 275-4040 or email to register & learn more!
Big HS games going down tonight EVERYWHERE
I just entered this afternoon & then the site crashed. :(
lmfao... don't let the pictures get out. That'll ruin all my fantasies from when i was in high school.
O MY GOD dont u hate when someone iz talkin 2 u nd their breath stinks come on time 2 change up on da gum...lol
Actively went and counted since I'm expected to know all the systems for which I have passwords. Sigh.
Just watched FireFox crash for the third time while stepping through an Underscore each loop. Steps into the Underscore code, then boom! yuk
you right and it has been down for a minute. If and my crew have anything to do with it, that won't be for long lol.
You wanna go to Jail or you wanna go home lmao
At in Everett, impressed by their fried pickles--not soggy, good batter.
So who at #oah2012 #ncph2012 is sharing their presentations, discussions, questions, etc on google docs?
that is fuckin hot can i join in
this moring my chest was hurting .. now its not :)
I find FB is better for just about everything....but twitter is quick and dirty.
My next door neighbor put their home on the market this week. Today we counted at least 15 purchasers with Realtors.
tell ralph to get on twitter, if not i'm gonna be a mad person.. haha
Hahaha. Ditto. Had to turn mine off. Notifications from NYT, WaPo, msnbc, CNN & USAToday apps were too much.
I figured I should tweet more. So... here it is!
RT : just finished Robert K. Elder's () The Film That Changed My Life. so so so good.
one other note...a friend of mine went to the same high school you did..she graduated by the time you went there though..
I enjoyed AGM. Regarding what you signed up for, in what regards did it change from your vision?
- thanks. So pushy, acting like NOT paying means I've decided to give up on getting new customers. - who falls for that tactic?
Shock that I'm drinking another MonsterEnergy... So many energy drinks this weekend!
you learned this from me. ;) proud
Have fun!
great seeing today! Excited about opportunities in
fear me! I have a pretty sweet karate chop.
Let's go to OT
ha ha I wish I could tell you... Jamie handles that side for Gio. I have seen his name everywhere.
founder of the Treavor Project has a YA anti bullying fiction story called Treavor
We are now accepting vehicle donations through V-Dac. Very exciting! www.v-dac.com
I love being home in my own apartment, I love this living room
Glad to hear that the President of my country (whom I voted for) thinks I should be able to get married. Now, let's see the laws change.
My personal >>>
Hell yeah! Get ready for things to get crazy tonight!!! RT : & at tonight!!
Find the best African-American nightclubs & restaurants – Download InSpotter app FREE
only thing better then waking up, is the music you get to hear after...
First and last time you will ever read that headline: Cavs win behind Harangody's double-double
idk what the hell I was thinking lol
I think you should join the judges' panel! You make a lot more sense!! Love u Louis!!!
For the record Trayvon Martin's mom works for the Miami Dade housing authority and his dads a truck driver.
Bought everything I need to start making my own beer.
We would love to be featured by as "the" place to shop in Louisville for your international food needs
You drink some drinks, you find tequila....then the nights over
Screw you Clint Bowyer and while I am at it, you too David Reutimann!
You can't expect these youth to do better if nobody is teaching them better.
So happy for u and Bill! <3Blessings<3
is miami media celebrating? Knicks lose best defender & only guy who can bother Wade. Bulls lose mvp. East playoffs now a joke.
#RIPDirectionerPaula You will always be remembered and always be a part of the 1D family <3 
u done grew up lil mama looking good :)
You don't like my words, don't listen. You don't like my appearance, don't look. You don't like my actions, turn your head. simple as that.
Sometimes I wonder what my friends really think of me I think nice things and when they need to no the truth I tell them
I really like Back in Time by Pitbull
We're putting the final touches on our new web site design. It's scheduled to launch soon--stay tuned!
my poor step dad had a spot removed from his ear last year! The man now lives in wide brimmed hats.
omg, ur makn my stomach upset with all those poo poo teams!!!
I really can't decide what I'm most excited for this weekend- #HungerGames or #MadMen premiere. Can't wait.
Thank you for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
Do for me and ill do for you.
Does anyone use QR codes at their events or has anyone ever been on the user end? Feedback?
Nothing much you?
u knoe it,but its really not mines doe but i need sumbody 2 tlk 2 doe
will do(;
And if "brands" are the only ones in books making money, is that a publishing problem or a culture problem?
I'm not sure about that, but my comment on Ricky was meant to be facetious.
Can't wait to see it! RT “: Fabulous!! Paley is an amazing artist when it comes to steel structures!”
so this is what it's like to go live till 9 every am!!
funny story, when i got the FB msg about the reunion Katie had misspelled 's last name. Srsly how hard is it to spell WHIPP?
school was a killer today....
In honor and memory of our 22,993 fallen heroes for our State on Yom Hazicharon!! Am Yisrael Chai!!
Skylar showed a lot of class by not putting herself into the group she thought might be safe.
Who wants to be a model and actor just linked up with the largest talent angent message me for dtails
Big winds and a barfing baby in Bear Valley. I pray to the storm gods to keep the power on.Don't want to melt snow on woodstove to clean up!
Mistletoe video, I'm so jelly rite now tho
This worksheet just said how does the president exercise his powers? And I answered "in the gym". This is how I do my government work.
Working on lyrics for a country tune I'm cowriting with a buddy. Feel like I should burn some coffee or something to get the mood going...
Our conte center is now on twitter! Lots of great #mental #health updates to come! /cc
More like embarassing...its an early Easter Egg in the online version of the story...gotta find it
sometimes lifes rough patches really do groom you for a better tomorrow..take the best of each situation and move forward #life ;)
Would somebody like to bring me donuts or 2 breakfast tacos? Thanks in advance!
I'm just gonna get mine lol
So sad!
It's an interesting feeling, as a journalist, to see a page encouraging shares of your story for the chance of winning beer coozies.
Wonders if Mike did better than me on the exam.... Hm ": First exam of summer classes finished!"
Marshon Brooks is the next Kobe.
you've got to be kidding me...
Never lie to someone who has always been true to you.
To the best of knowledge Only Intel Based Macs are affected by the Flashback virus at this time..
Starting work today with the Global Health Institute, guiding a group on making street theater on social and scientific themes. Love it.
Found a way to use my almond butter since I don't eat bread! Almond milk, yogurt, banana and almond butter smoothie
I know you are but what am I :o)
Kid tried getting to databases by googling, "Gale"
Good morning Chicago! Hope each of you have a fabulously productive day!
i really luv this song im not surprised its at #31 its an awwesome song
Wtf ! I hate guys who are always bragging about how big there dick is! Like STFU nobody gives a fuck !
Thank you for the follow.
RT RT What are your short term goals?
I go to USC what do you think the actors here are missing?
CAREER FAIR TOMORROW! 9-1 @ Club 101 at 101 Park Avenue, New York, NY. 50+ companies that recognize the qualifications of Berkeley students.
Let's talk: What brand of camera do you use/like/prefer?
excellent bfast w talking about #dctech and her business ideas
Downloading songs on my Iphone ;D
lowkey you did say before I came we could go to grant park lol but yeah so yo place Friday niggas get high
Why does my boyfriend rub it in my face everytime he gets taco bell.
Yay! Just got my new UGGs! :) now have 7 pairs! :)
Down to the punch list. Where giving it the old 1 - 2!
We love you! Untoward loves you! What can we do to make this self-evident?
i wanted to show you the cover to see what you think, i think your book's name is so cool you never know
"Failing to Enforce Immigration Laws" "Challenging Voter ID Laws"
aren't you supposed to be in school and not on Twitter?? (:
Yuck. I suppose that's why they're "probable" matchups though. What's tomorrow afternoon look like there?
you know the terrible thing is everyone worships you but no one knows how much of a creep and loser you are
S/O to everyone that was crazy enough to recommend me to their followers today on
That pain you feel when your crush asks out one of your friends... Right in front of you.
So, it's that time of the week!!! WHATCHA DOIN' THIS WEEKEND, LOS ANGELES!??? :D
The only job where you start at the top is digging a hole.
Looking forward to a successful week!
We're instituting new practices this year to use less paper. I'm done with filing boxes of docs and throwing them away a few years later.
Kevin Campbell from Chula Vista is one of the final 3 on #BigBrother 11!
no that's from a long time ago..
Had two monsters in school today and still went to sleep. Smh
we sat in 109 with you guys a few weeks back and now we are obsessed. Chanted for #shark last night in 136 too!
Cuz far knew I had dem 20's n big fat
“: Next list: amazing singers/vocalists " thanks so much!
No long walks for us today. Our trips outside are all business when it's this hot.
I pray to the Creator for relief to the weak: the abused and the starved, the homeless and the poor, those we can't see their pain.
meet next week?
I have to shit
Wasn't that Barney Rubble's son?
Yes at dogwood dell. Saturday! RT : Arts in the park this weekend! Isn't that what it's called?
Is anybody else finding that searching emails in Gmail is slowly becoming worthless? Seems like emails are arbitrarily excluded.
onfiemed See you there!
My "Man-V" is getting intense.
name-dropped at a #SXSW panel on the 'new trend' of Daddy bloggers. Making fun of your kids as column fodder = digital maven?!
is a great supporter of the Uni and is helping spread the word from Hamilton, Ontario. We'll get there. Cheers!
Some breakfast would be nice
come over when you're done with your test and we can make them together! I found out I still have work though later :(
hope ya feel better, weall go a little to hard sometimes hahah!xD
RT : Most important part of that play was that Westbrook gave the ball up willingly and early to Durant. <- !!!
No interest yet for SISTERS from our customers in Baltimore County, either
Let us know who got the hook up on V-Day gifts.
lol don't say that! My friend made it!
the fake celebrities, the relationship advice, the sarcastic willy wonkas. its fuckin awful
Lane Bryant last year I think. In a pinch, you could get Cafe Press to make ya' one. We'll open a store & be rich! :D
that makes u...um... RT "When asked if I'm tech early adopter, I replied "I won't be the first, but I won't be the third."
There's an app for 1 of the cutest picture books out there "Press Here." CUTE!!!
Being sick 👎 ugh.
"It's not fashion without an afterparty"
is that a small god or this God...
Big audition today!
I would rather watch the written play by play online than watch it live on Fox with Joe Buck announcing
:-) you got that right!!!
"I've been busy" is just an implausible excuse for "I'm ignoring you."
Coma has lifted!
it better be as good as the second one. Or I shall rage.
That's the Blur album I'm probably least familiar with.
i bet yr wife could knock you out wit a kidney punch but yr right tito needs to retire after that poor showing
can u either give me ur number or we can just talk tmrw... It's kinda hard to have a convo on twitter lol and I obvs wanna know
does it still work?
Book that shit, homeboy! I like it!
I fucking hate crying.
wish i had as a guest lecturer *crows in back of class*
What a beautiful homepage! I would love to learn more about your site before signing up.
When I was younger, if you could run up the slide you had serious skills.
Fear was never a factor.
wait, that sounds like backhanded encouragement!
Recently read Steve Jobs autobiography by Walter Isaacson, went for the IPad instead.
One Direction is going to be on SNL tomorrow? Sweet!
wanna come? ;) lol
Finally joined the world of twiitter ... woot woot, my first tweet; working hard to make sure moves forward.
insane pace in 1st period. Will it continue in 2 and 3? “: After one we are still scoreless! #Caps and #NYR #StanleyCup”
Solid choice.
I love Betty episodes.
ohh okay thank you
Loved my candle speech and had an amazing, fun, and awesome night!! Thanks for inviting me :)<33
Today was rough but I made it!
your welcome I look forward to your blog.
thought I was hungry but as it turnsout- I just needed more beer...
Out with and princess Semhar. Supposed to be on vocal rest. Sometimes you just need a drink.
NICE! Clubbie friendly, I love it. And yeah, not too much. Kinda nice having a day like this once in a while
nope, I'm not there. I wish I was tho! Lucky!(:
You are most welcome! Happy to connect with you!
RT : Getting so excited - will be accepting submissions soon! Keep an eye out for ways to share your journeys!
True, but many ppl actually use their names It's amazing the personal stuff ppl post on Facebook. I say keep it professional
That's one of those strange ones that just doesn't make any sense...
You know the drill. Dance for the GEAR. Dance like you've never danced before. For Freedom. For Life. For Love. For GEAR...
I'm not sure Maryland weather has caught up with Christmas, it clearly wishes it was still October.
- Nice!!! Looks like you had fun in my town. :)
meant GF did u get my txt
and yes, I am leaving that last tweet with 'the Ian Kinsler' in.
I hate typical ass bitches
Bustemante draws biggest groans. So far
Excited about all of life's possibilities even though I am at a crossroad right now. All I know, is that in the end, I will be a SURVIVOR!
Is there someone I can interview about SSHARC's work in the South Suburbs concerning HIV/AIDS?
Lots of opportunities: Network Manager, Technical Services and Support Manager, contract C#, VB/Access, Oracle, MS Sys Admin, SQL DBA etc!
im good and u !?
Ok, I might be able to do that. I'll drop a line.
=) glitter glitter glitter
want a fringe bathing suit so bad!
very glad you enjoyed it!
The AFT invited Bill Gates to speak at a time when he espoused publishing teacher ratings. Weingarten taunted dissenters in her own ranks.
Seriously, what the hell is the obsession with my cat and my phone case! she just chewed it!
I think if the rest of your outfit is work-appropriate and tasteful you'd be fine? A lil' pop of fun never hurts :)
they are a bunch of cocky mofo's aren't they. Lol I hope we kill them.
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW YANIQUE U SEXXY -
Man do i miss that californian sticky icky.
and for that I write in blood. Lol
If you can't convert for your main product, drive micro conversions,says
One word. Anaconda!
I don't suppose there's a twitter app that will lock/freeze your TL in one spot so as not to lose your place as you click links. :-(
Finally get to face an easy opponent tomorrow. Probably going to drop half-a-hundred.
Damn actors are messing up the gym flow
Big congratulations, Ed!!! May you not have too many sleepless nights and you have great joy in those you can't avoid.
It will be hot ass hell if both LA teams make it to the conference finals
too much work... not enough play... I am having to write songs in my head for the next week... sounds pretty cool up there though!
Yuppity puppity. It was very beautiful. Opened for Frankie Rose. PS: I miss BAR.
Dance Craze, right?
How do I create a landing pages that earn the most amount of money?
Do you know any legal way this #Varepublicans ultrasound bill signed by mcdonnell can be overturned? Like, constitutionally?
I Told Her Play Her Role & Turn The Moment 2 A Movie/Premiere Party/ I Fuck Her Then I Watch Her Do Me<<<That Give A Bitch Wings
What to tweet, what to tweet
Jayvin will hopefully learn his lesson today
Although our company colors are Blue/Orange, it is just coincidence! GO Bronco's!!
if you think and make a great couple!!!
you wild one!
I wan't to fall deeply in love<3
#Prayer- The Original Wireless Connection..
As seniors increase their use of social media, they reduce barriers for care in the future
should leave because he hates my cupcakes.
Very, very welcome, Amy. What's new?
SWEET TALK TIME
Victim's wife Suzanne Borcherds, is testifying: Def. "was saying that he was going 2 take care of business .. gng 2 shoot tht fking bastard"
Finding spiders the size of your hand waiting for you.
Yes but only For 2Q March Results, Below on June Guidance RT Apple Beats Expectations
Me and my mom are going to have an issue
Awesome! RT : Congrats (and !) for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
Two come from our house!
Nobody owns that trademark, and you can't copyright a phrase like that. You are in the clear :)
Word! You know it! RT : RT : Retweet this post if you ate a healthy food today! --> We did!
Why is my dad putting his bare ass in my moms face? 😣I'm blind
Draw Something is hilarious. I'm a terrible drawer haha
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)!
#NYC you disappoint me again. Trying to buy my friend bday dinner- restaurant doesn't take cards!!!
In case if you all don't know. Wazz Ub program launch date is April 9th of 2012, which is 3 days from today. Join now for Free before 4/9/1…
Such an exciting week, that I totally forgot that my episode of #CriminalMinds is reairing Sat. night at 9pm on CBS. Catch it if you can!
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb.
Its been one heck of a day!!
I would never tell any company how to pay or treat their employees. Police/fire/emergency workers don't face scrutiny either. Why teachers?
made it call u later LVU
Back at ya!
I want to loaf you, and treat you right
is IXDA Baltimore looking for meetup locations?
you can never go wrong with the wizard's way.
lalalalalala can't hear you
like really ? how old are you
Laser hair removal on my underarms...they recommend not wearing deo. And. I sweat a lot. laser is supposed to help that too
hey Twitter, we're back! Next meet Jan 21, 2012.
#CIO: why do we need these new servers? IT staffer: "because what we have is old & outdated." Bzzzzzt. Wrong answer.
thanks. He is a cutie huh. . #Loveasa'ssmiles
on what
I now can send flirty tweets to Justin with out feeling #bad!! :P because
Aww... so cute.
Gonna retweet an old tweet of mine cuz it's real-Cheez Wiz in your fanny pack is a new upcomin thing, watch out.. O also artist James Clar!!
Fall warehouse sale! Chicago design house’s overstock bedding/pillows/table linens/EVERYTHING 4 up to 80% off! www.unisonhome.com Fri-Sun :)
lol right im.not going for it
I wanna go on an adventure . . .
Lost 3 followers ): oh well xP
#longliveskunkhair huh. man how i've missed that
i have alot of inspirations. as a guitar player i would say Slash, Jimmy Page, and Randy Rhoads would be the top 3
Keep calm and thank Geo.
The word kill but the SPIRIT gives life if you don't have the HOly SPIRIT in your life
those people are annoying as hell too
I hate when girls are always tweeting about love. #STFU hoe.!
quote of the morning, from Mary Morganti: "There's absolutely nothing we can't solve with creativity...and time and money."
Apparently I'm invisible around here.
I bet if you tried it, you ah wanna run it back 😉
I don't always do burpees, but when I do, I prefer 74 in a 7 minute AMRAP
“: I never get any sleep”real niggas don't sleep.
I've been trying to connect these two pages for the past hour - hopefully, it works! :)
And then they bitch that no one is treating them fairly!
okie I'll check when I get home later :-)
Our Holiday party is on Friday!
that run was ridiculously ridiculous.
i must have missed that in organic chemistry
Hope you feel better
"Other times it's like slowly dragging individual letters of the alphabet from a mire of cold glue"...words on writing
Check out Paging Grace for your chance to win a copy of every Paging Grace song recorded!!!!! -Good Luck :)
tuesday if everyone else is cool with that?
Ive been witing to many qitty posts on facebook . . . .thats my twitter material !
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
we are royalty over dominion/ of the inhibited self
pshh, i just think we have good taste, period. :)
Happy birthday ex-wife. If I didn't care or try and work things out, I wouldn't have remembered.
Loving the simpsons stuff. I see MIB 2 but no one? :o or simpsons movie?
Can't wait! perfect for #artsmanagement RT : Tonight we’ll be discussing the importance of engagement on social media.
let me know if you want to hit up in Beverly Hills or Century City for a quick workout before our dinner tomorrow!
is the best boyfriend any girl could ever have. 😍
How about an Android app that reminds you to take a picture of something every day and constructs a time lapse video for you?
I done cut and burned myself today....
Ah ok got chu
I miss you.... We need to fix this
the boys, are our better halfs.
Kyle Seager! Swing just looks so consistent.
il tweet it
#fridayreads Interrupting Chicken, David Ezra Stein, a Caldecott Honor book this year
SHE ABOUT TO BE MADD.... LMAO!!
I love you Justin. More than Selena.
At precinct 66, driving for a strong finish to the #ward5se!
I will totally try to get #showJesuslikeTebowandGrace trending
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
coming down to Philly for a phillies game next month. any recommendations on where to sit??
I'm thinking what's the message? Buy a Civic and become a ghetto superhero? I guess this one went by me
Retweeted! Mr. Hicks is the man!
For my PA peeps who have hoarded cases of for my yearly trips across the boarder...I can get my own now!
It's been fascinating following this did he or didn't he win drama, !
STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 82740 Atlantic Ave Kids Part Place 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 206-678-4353 for more info
but this tim im for real
Kobe is playin the blame game after that game 6 loss.
Ive never had more fun following love the spirit and energy this team plays with. One more and dancin baby!
hope it's all going well, keep me posted!
RT I'm on a strict exercise/diet regiment starting tomorrow. Needs to get back into it.
It is amazing how much crisper the general experience of life becomes when your body is given a chance to develop a little strength.
If I don't believe in the music then I do nothing. If I feel it, whatever I can to take it to the nect level.
Its time Miami!!!
Essential oils are ok if you are using them for a hot oil treatment and going to shampoo the hair and scalp afterwards.
lunch has been cancelled due to a lack of motivation...deal with it
are you from Carolina?
alright man, I'm ready when you are.
Lakers are done they going Home!!!
“: fucked up and flawed #deadlwithit” Flawless is the correct term.
"Building a Library Lab for Emerging Technology" on Monday afternoon!
I am also looking forward to finishing this thing. I only have an outline now. A 2000 word outline that is being revised.
MILWAUKEE NEEDS A MLS TEAM !!!!
Will be spending the day in airports. Looking forward to a new book on my Kindle. How are you spending your day?
Swallow your bullshit pride and try some lager. Bells lager at is killer.
once you have a kid spending $350 on the Sunday ticket gets vetoed
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off first purchase, 10% EVERY FUTURE PURCHASE!
Thank you to everyone who is following me!!! you peoplez are awsome!!! Lots Of Love and Support ! <3 x
CHECK OUT THE FREE BUFFET AT 10PM TONIGHT! CONTOUR 1st Ave. Seattle
yup, its hot outside -_-
Other people singing annoys the fuck out of me...
Haha. Yeah, Josie just farted on my lap and I couldn't stop laughing. Doesn't mean we have to *act* 33.
ha! I'm trying. hoping his gas passes soon, lol!
Arctic Monkeys off to a hot start tonight. Blazing!
im so sorry </3
Working on the Mixtape (y)
Can't believe that John Oliver is following my tweets.....regardless, the idea is as funny as he is.
aw I wish I could be there.
now who looks stupid. :P <3
Ugh. This Steve Jobs biography is like a bound Ken Burns documentary.
Track meet tomorrow at Hardin valley.
Working hard...Nice
Awww I love it!
Loving somebody not only takes effort, but it takes studying them...Learning how to Love every element about them.
Happy birthday day to the most beautiful mom in the world<3
Hearing strange noises outside your window before going to bed -.-
Doctor Niall has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Haha I got the #DirectionInfection but I'd love to #DealWithNiall ;D
Are STEM degrees from an unaccredited university more valuable than anthropology degrees from an accredited university?
What's an ideal target number of folks to follow on Twitter? Should I aim to achieve a balance of following and followers?
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
I'm incredibly easy to love, but tend to break hearts.
RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Announces 14% Gain in Operating FFO for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Met a pretty girl And I wanted to make her mine.
Umm well we're no millionaires so I'm off to dream about how it would of been if we would of won!!! Good-night & have rich dreams.
Still up.... Sleep soon?
A guy can wish can't he?
Very cool, thanks! I think I'll have students read the code as an exercise.
says visualization isn't enough "control panels are half the #DataViz story"
you alive princess?
Mother nature must be bipolar cause this weather is retarded..
well said
how is NYC?
Someone made me want to go to the fair and get on the zipper :( i cry
Hey - whatever happened to Jeremiah Wright?
Ok for Christmas I would like a chipmunk... Preferably Theodore! Thanks Santa!
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! And to my Mom...thanks for everything! Love ya'!
Last tweet was from Facebook. This one's for Twitter:
that suckss! if i lived near NYC i'd go... but lol i'm from another country so.. :/
CLOSURE UPDATE: One lane is now open on Powell between 99th and 104th, flaggers directing traffic
Things end, but memories last forever
CONAN! ED SHEERAN! THE GINGERS! MY HEART!
#demf Every time I see a black shirt with lots of bright white lately, I think it's an Op Ivy shirt.
& thank you for checking in with us on Foursquare over the weekend!
bubble bath
My favorite commercial of all time is the #sundrop conmercial
good luck with those stairs !
I fell asleep drinking rum, watching Candyman, woke up and everything was directed by Mick Garris.
sweet. Will be fun. I'll stay on top of ticket situation. We shld coordinate w/Brian too. He has a bunch of season tix for work
I guess the hidden blessing in losing my phone is being forced to finally change all my passwords
They are highly under appreciated. They're one of our major food groups!
Thanks for the RT! The wine dinner was an absolute success! 55 guests enjoyed 7 courses of fab food & wine.
Good morning Twitter Family, have a Blessed Sunday.
I'm so happy that you r going 2 be on TV again!! RT IF U CAN'T WAIT RO SEE ICONic Boyz!!!!!!!!
Just finished the last chapter of my new Bond book; can't wait to continue the journey in a revision next year with Skyfall.
Been working but now it's time for a break
that is, hands down,the most heartwarming msg anyone has ever posted on here
aw thats not cool
Let's quit this game before you start losing
Brown rice. Eggs ovr easy and avocado. Hearty breakfast
RT : GUYS U MUST FOLLOW KUZ SHEZ NOTHING ONLY THE HOTTEST BUT ALSO THE KOOLEST YOUNG LADY TO KNOW!!
What's the most important attribute for a soccer player?
what's that on the ground by her head? Chicken skin?
Definitely want my artist in this
inside jokes are the best...especially when you can share them with someone you love. that's my PSA for the day.
So proud of you! Excited for this group and their impact!
so fantastic. I hope there's an entire book in english some day
ok you said i could watch it later and i said how
if i had a sextape who would watch it ?
You look #AMAZING in your prof pic!!!! So gorgeous! Let's meet up soon! Xo
Hart has a bruised finger from yesterday.
I want someone to talk to
RENESEMEE CARLIE CULLEN IS ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE NAMES I HAVE EVER HEARD! LUV IT!
Hahha I've seen that before I couldn't stop laughing
you're right. That's lame. Please no we cook every burger to order. It was a much bigger audience than we expected. Sorry again.
interviewed for a job selling kitchen cutlery door to door. if your mom needs the sharpest knives, hit me up.
Blacklavender says its blazing hot like buffalo wings outside!
Turnovers MUST stop. Great D by Murray St. though
Tonight's HBO / Cinemax double feature - Little Fockers & Hatchett II. (There's a mixture for ya.)
First rehearsal with The Tempest went well. It's fun being a part of a theater play! :)
LOVE.“: When Cory Booker appears to jump in the air it is actually the earth fleeing his approach #CoryBookerStories”
Grandma sent me a card to cheer me up, funny how family always knows when you could use something like that, love my family so much
HOW FUN! (: lemme guess: the summer bash
*virtual wound licking*
Looking for people to provide feedback on a new app we are creating. Let me know if you are willing to help.
“: you should probably come to eau Claire, wi” truth
Are you prepared for digital resumes and video interviews? Because companies will soon be equipped for your digital showcase ......
Would someone please explain the game of Cricket to me? This shit is confusing!
love you brooke! <3
Thank you, but don't like to talk on that account! I prefer to Twitter :)
Introspective Newt is a Melancholy Newt is still an asshole.
Only rappers you listen to is E-40 & Pac? RT : right here Precise I bought all 3 of those albums I love E-40
sounds good to me
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
Yes, just block both doors leading out so no one can enter or leave. You're conversation with your friend is clearly THAT important
Hello, everyone! Head still full of 's fab KJB talk last night - but now it's time to get started on JOURNALS DAY! :)
nope but downloading it now. Thanks!
i mean if i had the worlds biggest ass, i would have to get some kind of surgery or something, i just don't get it oh well. O_o
My best albarino exploration was when I discovered the Licia Albarino 2010 while on a trip to Spain. My favorite!
I recommend vacuming then wiping keys w/damp clothe saturated w/white vinegar & hot water. Cheap/clean/enviromental : )
It will be much better once I get my hands on a #cherryberrychiller!
Pagan or not, us in the Northern Hemisphere of Earth can look forward to more sunlight. If you're in the Southern Hemisphere, Happy Fall!
Heading out to Tonic Ball tonight?? Stop by and see us! Open til 8p!
Always a fan of new beers. Mariners suck.
O... yay! Can't wait to meet you!!
LET'S GO SIXERS!!!!! this is a nail biter.
classically crazy!!!!
., rodeo, and tonight at Count. Me. IN. Who else is coming out for that?
FX! Just went to halftime
#ShoutOutToo everytime I see her I think she's super cute ^_^ guys hit that........ Follow button :)
With danny at the Canal. Its so nice. Wearing my chacos
lol we looped the growl today in ADR. U could make some $ of that thing
Whether the Lakers or OKC win, I'll be satisfied
need hot trax hit me up..splitzwizard
A big Vegas earthquake? There's a solid chance it could happen. Find out more tonight at 10 and 11.
All immigrants can participate in 2012 elections. Everyone can make a difference through volunteering, voting, & more!
You'd better more than think! RT I think ... I THINK there is a baseball game today. :)
Love unprompted pics of kittens/cats in pp presentations
i heard she wantt da dick !
it all good! Just watching
Jamie Dimon makes Gordon Gekko look like a saint!
go and have fun you deserve it.
Do you Love Hip Hop and or EggMcmuffins? Download this free Iphone & Android app from KTSB ..the EggMcmuffin of Hip Hop.
Energy and persistence conquer all things - Benjamin Franklin
Tim Sweeney straight wrecking p.a. loft....$4 PBR'S
Headache in my left eye :( ehhh
thank you
yu got sum fire ready??
is this more or less than usual?
thanks for the post
Oh, fuck... I was off popping popcorn. No need to "be nice" on my account! Give him what for. Arrogant jackass.
Esoteric thought of the day: There's too much opportunity talk, not enough creative/productive energy focused on trade-offs and limitations
thank so so much but I didn't want to be Ur friend anymore cuz u were hating me and everything wat happened 2 Sis 43v3r?
Greenwald's coming to Boise. Pass.
..great. Michael Bay will be putting his grubby hands all over Michael Myers now. Place your bets, how long before it's just called WEEN?
how dare you have your own opinion and not just cheer for who your followers want you to? Twitter is awful sometimes
Glad you enjoyed. Thanks for sharing.
you would.
who's doing the CTF in Tampa? At the ISSA meeting?
Berlant:"The impasse of the global urban present is shaped by the dramatic confrontation of the Precarious Peoples with the Austerity State"
I'm curious as to what Josh's 'talent' would be. Best curmudgeon?
Sorry! Just hanging out on a lovely day.
San Diego, I'll be in Indiana for only 1 day from 24May to 26July so if we play, it has to be in the next week!
they not gon beat the shit out of the Bulls tho
Localize your website for each foreign language market you are trying to reach. Include foreign markets & speakers in your own country.
A beautiful soul
The point of having a new relationship is to find somebody who is NOT like who you had before.
Will be giving away a ticket every week until film festival starts. Keep your eyes opened and your fingers ready to type!
so you werent able to get tickets yet?
There you go making my heart beat again.
Ask me to follow eyou and I'll get to it later. Promise!!!!!<3 If you want to see more of my tweets follow my personal; <3
Today I went to a McDonalds around times square, there was no dollar menu. MLINY
Going parting with my girls and <3
Follow me? ??
Obama on some funny shit he aint solid.Marriage between a man & woman fuck that other shit
That's my Bitch...
Change layout of the screen to keep participants engaged and change it up
I swear no one loves me. I text my entire contact list and no one replies. Ugh.
Pretty sad that Chris Bosh has to get injured to be appreciated.
Drove through my first car wash today ((:
Are you ok? Is the bike ok? Did the LAPD arrive and inform you you weren't hit by a car?
Thanks for the RTs and see you guys on 5/21 for the content migration meetup w/ !
Hot girl on the El, and she's reading Harry Potter? Me think I'm in love.
Hello Everyone, Come out Thursday night Feb 2, and join me in concert "unplugged". click on my events for more detail.
Hell yeah. Stay busy!
Maybe it didn't pass our budget criteria. We're brining the biggest contingent yet.
If just once .xls wouldn't do me wrong when exporting data...
A site like arts-humanities.net as a case study? (ie, a case study of a directory of things?)
I'm so nervous for my interview tomorrow D:
CITIZENS: Peace, ho! let us hear him.
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo: rob hardworking people of their hard earned money aka ridiculous taxes I have to pay to support them n their babies
Please PLEASE follow me I followed your lil bro too!! :o)
RT : Watch how u spoil somebody it'll always bite u in the ass
I'm not...and it is.": RT : If you're choosing to not use headlights in this fog, I'm to assume your car is parked."
In the Studio recordin the green pill
you should've come!!!!!!
At the town hall meeting at Liberty High School discussing how to address the drug issue in southern
Raring to go is my goal in life,not yet achieved! LOL,Soon,I will get there.Dr. sending me for Sono of Thyroid Glad,ugh
Happy Early Birthday :D
#ItsCrazyHow someone becomes the person they said they wouldn't
Oh man! The heat is on, now!
Daughter: what's that weird sound in the other room? Me: a typewriter. Daughter: that's what they sound like?
Will optimism replace pessimism if my #Twins take the series against the #Rangers this wknd?
feeling pretty loved with the 800th tweet representation, woowoo!
If they act a fool then they point fingers at you because they think everyone acts like they do
Fired up for my 1st game of the season with , & Janelle !
The rythm is gonna get Jules:)
Sunset behind the palm trees Friday night in Las Vegas!
12 by 12 Campaign: Uruguay First Country to Ratify C189
If I have to get tested for mono again I'm going to be seriously pissed off!!
HP New Media gallery at the Newseum: participatory, touch tables, gesture based games, social interaction
Will the Knicks make the playoffs?
Congrats Taylor! That's so exciting!
RT : I think every parent in #ACPS should have to serve a year on Parent Council - such a valuable resource! / Yes!
I Need A Macbook Air Or Macbook ProWho Has Them Street Deals?FWM
#everyonehasthat1friend that wants to give you life advice but can't take any advice whatsoever and flips out when you try to give them any.
Takin' the redeye to NYC tonight. See you in 3 weeks, LA!
So I just went to download and app but forgot which one -___-
you apparently want to talk to a lot of girls. Good luck with that.
just wanted to let you know the police data was updated on ODP (in case you don't have wkd email access)
Can you navigate against a backdrop?
Faculty Academy program is so packed that for the 1st time, I can't fit schedule-at-a-glance on 2 pages.
Follow he follow back
I'm trying to connect with girl scouts of America. Any ideas?
Wallpaper tiles would be fun too. I wouldn't hate seeing that pattern all over a wall in my office :)
I know bad boi
I thought it was because of the me and
It's not that I'm not photogenic, it's just that I cannot be captured in only two dimensions.
Wyoming! Back Tuesday. Thanks!
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
haha, nope just black and white for the most part. We're due for a beer.
check out & go to website. Cinderella castle lunch!
Of course! Have a great weekend :)
is that the opening theme song to the "Gilmore Girls?"
Slow news week.
Too low. It is tracking huge ": Sherlock. 55 million"
Hello, and thank you for the link. checked it out, you are coach Michele, right? Nice to meet you. Isn't coaching fulfilling!
twitter. i'ts the new facebook. hahahaha
I'm tired. Come on Moose, not gordon
I Love You, You Fucking Bitch!!!!!
Seriously questioning Brian Kelly's coaching ability right now
I know Phil Ford was TOUGH at INC but I don't remember how he helped in the league....
Did we watch the same movie? Because the one I saw was pretty ridiculous.
Pretty good crowd for tonight's Franklin Township Community #School Board meeting. Have a feeling many will weigh in on pay-to-bus issue.
What my techie friend does is display all the different lists he's created, then keeps it minimized on his desktop.
Just Realized that those two science homework assignments are the difference between a B and an A
I now go out with HER <3 hmu love my chick
It feels so good to be doing my thing.
pitches "Memorialization" pitches "Moving The Needle: How do we create critical mass?"
Follow Me Please!
Yea, I guess what makes me uneasy about Buzz is that anybody can map out you coordinates at any time. No privacy!
Lol. It's never too late to mess things up, really! No special skills required, too...
I'll try to stop by a bit later to witness the magic. And maybe sample some delicious home brew.
Wear Red & Black to show your support tomorrow.
Withdraw, deposit, withdraw, deposit...damn girl, I need additional funds.
Cumin is great in eggs!
How the hell can a radio station play a Nirvana song and then follow it with a Hole song?
So glad you could join us! Glad you enjoyed it!
Break out the George Lindsey News Radio episode. RIP.
I've got slides. I'm mostly doing a revision of the previous landscape assignment, but expanding on it.
HELL TO THE YEAH!!! #BUCN BABY!!!!
you taught me great things over the years, like not to hot glue feathers to my fingernails anymore
Mayweathers KIDS LOOK SWAG
CFD busy this morning fighting massive fire at a plastics recycling plant. Exploding propane tanks, ceiling caving in. Live update @ 6
Sent my grandmother flowers for Mother's Day. Teleflora's shipping fees were half the price of the bouquet I picked out. Kind of incredible!
I just laughed out loud :)
I just noticed that gmail gives me 10233 MB. I think it was just 7500 MB yesterday.
One of my favorite parts of the day. My 2 month old baby girl is sleeping on my chest.
Another sleepless night. The older I get the less sleep I need. Maybe in a few more years I'll just stop sleeping.
Finished Mass Effect 3. ... yup. :|
I'd open up and you'd say...
Happy New Year!!!! Be safe and Choose to CELEBRATE!!!
I don't own one but have test driven. It'd be tight to sleep, and there are better cars for mileage depending on your budget.
Tired & headachey. Want to sleep.
Scarves around the neck and porcupine hats are "hot" this spring as worn by The Who at Super Bowl 44.
The three fantastic fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
right on, does that mean I get to be a future then? ;)
Yeah, I wouldn't want to know a lot of people if things like that kept happening.
Going to bed and waking up as tired as you were when you went to bed <<<<<
That is so true. It's easier to say what's on your mind instead of carefully choosing the right words.
Unwind! yummy martini #Denver. Jalapeño tomato infused vodka. Need I say more?
. hilarious, thank you :)
My Cop Radar fucking broke
Let's get to stop in #roc on there way to toronto in April. I need kickass music to look forward to
follow back?(:
testimonial! Eileen Hattersley: "Lifespire has a great environment and is one the most respected companies I have ever been involved with."
I can forgive your screaming child that throws toys, but you need to shhh with your stomping and loud phone calls if ur living on 2nd floor
is off t o Mesopotamia.
": hey Staffy ;) where are you?" Where ever you want me to be beautiful <3
Why Is So Cute ?
hello there
Super excited for our new location 3600 n Pulaski juicy juicy
Getting ready to attend Be All in Chicago in 2 short weeks..stop in and see me!
should follow me cause we're both amazing & sexy ;D
See the testimony of Mr. Dolibois & other eyewitnesses in the mapping our tears exhibit, open mon-friday 10am-4pm and by appointment.
See, what bugs me about that is that Paramount isn't advertising the movie based on Rihanna and Liam Neeson being in it. (1/2)
We're all touching weiners
Links please.
Just woke up n realized it's October!!! #My month
We are 2 wks away from our final pilot taping b4 we pitch the show. Jul20 at with guest FREE ADMISSION
pinterest has made me realize that my home is useless unless stocked with vinegar and old pallets
I want purple beats. But hey Soror I saw someone with Royal Blue Beats <3
Deactivating Facebook has the similar satisfaction and accomplishment of a bowel movement.
omg i should sneak you in
is there some exciting news to share regarding your fiance?!
awh , well yeah just let me know :)
Happy Birthday :) your show is AWSOME !!!!
thanks for all the RTs! Always glad to find another invention fan!
that looks amazing!! I picked a bad day to be sick :( ^ag
#RulesInARelationship U cant do what they cant do
Hope yall coming back soon my thursday are so boring now.
Life has to much drama!
REMINDER*** Hester Hanekamp*** you were chosen as FRIDAY's winner so please contact us so we can send your prize
Good Morning! RT : Good morning
You dont relize how mad your makin me Cnbc...
RT : Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. -Oprah
Wow! That's pretty awesome. I have a Foulke jersey and nobody understands why. Hello?! Final out!! To Doug M no less... :)
Just finished dinner.
Yay! I see I have a text from you, but my phone is being the opposite of smart and closing every time I try to open it!
'Classic.' A book which people praise and don't read. Mark Twain
that's the ONLY way to start a Vegas trip!!!
Blowing snow up in Summit County, some snow fall, cold temps over the next few days.
Yes,! I get to skip volleyball today:).
and if your shit is in my way I will throw it across the motherfucking room .
if you had your choice with team would you wanna play for?
Ok. Will discuss with the team.
tauupon biadap, bertaubat la! Don't point d fingers to others.
I have a revolution to sandbagging during storms..Ecosandbag sandless sandbag. Never build another sandbag..Enviromentally friendly..
yeah! My dad has a trailor for shirts.
Check out new photos at www.pbase.com/issyr
D-Box just sounds dirty. I'd hate to get kicked right in my D-Box. If I have one.
Dare you to MOVE! Great way to start the NEW YEAR @
relaxing eating some breakfest trying too get some fresh ear
Today is a new day , no bull shit no drama no people that i cant trust i need people in my life that are positive not negative.
I wish these clubs I don't ever attend would stop posting shit on my page...
Enjoying light lunch (gourmet pizza) at what promises to be a great #cni12s!
Don't make me send you more pics of her smiling cause you know I'd be happy to look!
ok, say to me... Do u like my photo?
Only a lefty like could possibly find this entertaining. Careful Howie - your bias is showing.
A+ first Tweet. #goblackhawks!
welcome to planet earth
Movie Marathon on abc family :D
I really want a party like the ones they have on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 19
nice my man! Donny is a monster. But hey, so are you!
Val was "trying" to talk to us while driving her convertable, had to pull over, couldn't hear! :) She's a riot!
Consolidation day at RCA. Among those out: David Dyer, Michael Williams, Joan Fallon, Josh Reich and more. Details and contact info in RAMP.
Finally the weekend!
haha omg no i was totally kidding! i would be a real bitch if i was being serious!
good luck ladies!! RT : I'm about to announce #Mamavation Moms...drumroll please.....
I'm naming my kid rdawckabsemaneradipoots.
At first when I saw him at the res. I was who is that cutie and than i looked it up i was like "WHAT,AWWW,CUTE,SORRY YESICA"
Looking forward to delivering Super Scarves to the NFC champs this afternoon. Welcome to #Indy!
I'm sitting here watching the freaking news because my remote ran out of batteries....
Fraser keeps getting collection calls for someone named Jaclyn. He's asked several times to have his # removed, but they keep calling. 1/2
2/4 Entree Special: Pepper Crusted Veal Tenderloin with Bacon Mixed Herb Pearl Pasta & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
Where the fuck in NYC do Swans practice? They'd need to cordon off a whole city block!
HOLLYWOOD'S DJ EVILONE RETURNS TO JOSEPHINE | FRIDAY FEBRUARY 25th THE EVENT OF THE NIGHT NOT TO BE MISSED!
Is anyone else annoyed by Sessions one rolled up sleeve?
4 new followers in 20 mins! Thanks guys, 6 to go. I'll be outta here in 15mins, but I'll keep checking in.
GM have a great day despite the rain.
Miss you.
It happens to me too lol
Is everyone ready to watch #Glee?! :D
Tweeting to all my twats
yea she's gonna be 2 in 2 wks.! :)
My mommy is supper happy today she got a cake .. She got new everything and her FAV seafood. She's just super happy n that makes me happy !
Round the (academic) world in 10 jobs: In this top 10, we wring the mileage out of a travel analogy and celebrat..
I HATE Wen Niggas / Females Say Dnt Give Head Or Eat Da Box Lol I beg To Differ , I mean STFU its A Prt of Good Sex Jus DNT Do Everybdy Lbs
Thanks for the follow, Terri! We're practically neighbors!
Music does make everything better. If you love christian music, you should check us out!
Did you remember to fall back this weekend? We have new fall/winter hours! Beginning today, we will close at 7 p.m. on weekdays.
idk why i keep checking my dms.
Not to be THAT guy, but I was at the Galarraga IMperfect game #Tigers #Indians Me and my friend were actually on TV
Thank you very much!
You go girl!
Thank you for the RT
“: Thanks so much for the follow! :)” Thank you girlie=) xoxo
just figured out you were in town. Bah
Girls night out!!!
Side effect of being back to US from abroad: zero appetite. 6 lbs lost in 2 weeks. Then again am not eating rice and peas every day!!
There is no need for additional in-home-diplays for future HAN systems IF you use smartphones for big analytics and energy infographics..
Karma IU fans. Karma
crack heads
As a wise man once said, "I just hit my 1,000th tweet. That's 7,000 in dog tweets."
Accidentally grabbed the powdered garlic instead of the powdered ginger -- and my oatmeal tastes... well, not bad, actually. Weird.
Obama is selling USA sovereignty to highest bidder, Wake the hell up people!
True! It's easy to get an idea and then be making a crazy deadline. "I'll query this in 3 months!"
Finally got Mass Effect 3!
I keep hoping we'd get adopted by a more functional Norwalk ;)
Always interesting (if you like SEO): GoAnimate Unveils New Political Characters and Backgrounds
still cloudy and rainy in Sactown. #wtf? it *is* may correct!?
February specials will be here soon! What are you hoping your Valentine gives you?
It's my favorite day of the year: we just put the Christmas ornaments out!! They're all so beautiful. Come in and pick out your favorite!
Oh yeah round table means I have to participate.
agree! Forgot about how many hits she had!
dude, it was phenomenal! I loved it! It was a great experience!
LOOK! i finally got maa followers up ツ
Strengthening Pa. revenues could ease budget cuts - BusinessWeek
The Odd Numbers' album ABOUT TIME never gets old (& unless you were skateboarding in the late 80s, you probably haven't heard it).
tour dates next week dsfsdjfiosjfsd
Lol I see how it is... That's all the confirmation I needed.
Shame on you North Carolina ! You suck #disgusting #gay rights
have you ever seen the Celtics play in Boston or Atlanta?
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Just watched "Melancholia" on Netflix .... whoa. Lars. Heavy, dude.
23 #Beers On Tap Countdown - Now it gets fun. Tell us your favorites #craftbeers #indianabeer lovers, #indy, #carmel,
oops! At least you realized it and didn't schedule an appointment (which some people have done!)
Happy Friday Friends!
Not every experience is right for every person. Otherwise we'd all just be an army of clones.
bad bridesmaid dress
We have DJ HAM and DJ Denver together for MARDI Gras 2.21.12 at
I love things about her, but I don't love her!
I want someone to write me a song. That would be so cute!
sufficiently napped after the 5K and with a fresh espresso. Bring on the words!
We are NOW on Twitter! Stay tuned for all the great things happening this fall!
So I'm reading my first physical book since getting a Kindle and uh... I miss the Kindle. That's a surprise.
Peeling myself out of bed, letting it all go #positively and since I have to be in the #danger zone gonna make the most of it
The first batch of invites go out tomorrow. :)
I wish this would end
the hot air balloons looked gorgeous. Really would like to ride in one sometime. Will you have them again? Cost?
Word on the street is that Crump is boys with David West and put the hit out on you.
looking for great music blogs-for independent artists, what's next, etc. any ideas?
Gosh! It's the same one I started with. Am I drunk?
How close can it get? Location-wise I mean.
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind - Reuters
Time to start heading to your mission spots! Zombies to engineering tech and Humans to memorial circle
University of Pennsylvania researchers claim that women in stable relationships with lots of sex, sleep better than single women do.
oh, don't be so snarky.
go to our page and see the nonsense. There is no way our tacos are the best in ATX for some & the worst in the world for a few.
#ChenGuangcheng MT : Romney speaks at length abt Chen, says if reports R true he wanted 2 leave US emb,"its a day of shame" 4 Obama
I got my music up loud like aint no one asleep in my house . *shrugs*
": Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million."
Thanks you too. Have a great day!
buffalo people we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on feb 8th at mohawk place get at us for tix
do you want me to embarrass you with our first game's score?
Free wheelies show this Saturday!! Top of Tacoma bar w/pioneers west and tall girl..two amazing Tacoma bands! 9pm 21+
Oh believe me, it does...
you get to live in Florida!
Chubb: Tech is being used in places with least resistance, schools are no exception.
Mount union with the gf and the dog for a nice afternoon
Its all good haha... How r u?
RT : wear eye black to work tomorrow.
not going to lie, a little jealous we aren't on the slopes 2day...then again, always so crowded on holidays. send us your fav gaper shot.
Starting with new clients this week - love it!
How about ? So yummy for lunch :)
The greatest compliment any ever gave me. "U inspire me 2 do more w my life"... I'm startin 2 get that more often☺
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers11
Blazer fans...sport tweets...what do you think of Gerald Wallace trade?
already listens two times dld from iTunes Tuesday kid
All activites/workshops 's Pasifika Living Arts Showcase are #FREE!
- Albert Einstein
I don't mean to rub it in, but the #bobcats are so bad, I actually hope they win the #nba draft lottery, for their sake.
we have been busy as of late sorry for being out of the mix..but its a lot of work sometimes
so curious as to what it is
that happen sober too
I caught the last 10 minutes of Mob Wives and I honestly don't understand why those women were fighting.
Planes are taking off from DCA, I can see the shuttle in the distance.
are you fielding a #dasball team?
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Friday Fish Fry! Stop in for delicious dessert samples too, yum
erica whats wrong?
blah this summer is going to be crazy... graduation. college orientation. lifeguarding class. working. school ... idfk
Maybe I can hurt feelings sometimes..ehh be careful what you wish for
Okay and now the Monster from this morning is settling in... I feel like screaming and running around like a barmy lady!!
follow for direct message
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? //
oh I saw this yesterday! Looked super cool!
In Senate, Forby's facility closure bill that strengthens COGFA process, floor. Interesting given discrepancy btwn them & Gov's budget.
Thanks! We really appreciate that!
Goin to the cheesecake factory for mothers day
you know you #DoinToMuch when you tryin to come out the house with a mini skirt on and a tank top get real
Thank you so much! Your announcements are adorable :-)
Everything starts with an idea - nurture your
Perform your long and heavy task with energy treading the path to which Fate has been pleased to call you. ~Alfred Victor Vigny
That you God for another day, week
Loving #AnnaDeavereSmith in "Let Me Down Easy" on #PBS . One-woman show with 15+ characters discussing the end of life.
Show your comic card to Mark or your server and receive a free appetizer with the purchase of your lunch.
haha thank you!
Cal is so cute - he can never say "Toyota" quite right. :-)
Game time!!! Wade!
RT Dunning: #LTNY - inability to forecast WED, FEB 1, 2012 spend = fallacy.
And all the ones before said that they would take care of you well really wanna take care of you girl!
I wanna cut one every single day so....welcome to the club! Hey, how's The Violator? Still violating?
Warrior Dash!!! So excited!!!!
Fools gold on stage now with wicked guitar riff opening
Well sorry to say you were right about the Bears today and yes the o-line was terrible. I thought ALL scoring plays reviewed!
Add me on facebook. I put note on my face book wall with ordering details!!
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it."
#ifiwonthelotterytonight I would probably only tell one person
Trying to quit chew is one of the hardest fucking things I've ever done!!! Fuckkkkkk!!!!!!
Had a great girls night out with and Carol L.
Can you hear me know?
Thanks so much! i love peeps, with peeps! Let me know if you need anything from me.
Lion Envy
Thank you..look forward to talking some more.
Goodbye winter... Hello spring!
thanks. Just what i need rn
The ideas aren't that important. Really they aren't. Everyone's got an idea for a book, a movie, a story, a TV series. Neil Gaiman
Or you can freedom-kick someone else's ass while they scream! Whichever! :)
i tried to find the movie on netflix. ): no results! watching How I Met Your Mother though. <3 :3
WOULD YOU RATHER TWEET ME BACK OR FOLLOW ME? :D
clever. has popup in the lower right corner to inform me of other articles i might be interested in reading.
who wants to come up with a customized plan to book the kind of acting jobs they really want??
Sounds like: manifold/manyfold. The mani-version means "having many forms" and the many-version means "by many increments."
When you Succeeded you get such a great feeling.
Another way to connect with #THATCamp colleagues: setting up THATCamp groups on Linkedin. just search in groups to add.
What's the deal about the Sabathia/Price matchup? I am better than both of them
Are you guys still opening a store in Kingstowne/Alexandria, Virginia? I thought it was supposed to be this year. No?
Early drive time for my meeting at 8. 430 am wake up time is redic.
Thanks a bunch for the love!
Q.O.D: Who was the first major league baseball player to hit an inside the park home run in an All-Star game?
Gratitude: Great relationship, wonderful kids, new clients, old friends, cape fuchsias, herb starts growing, and really enjoying it all.
#PUBLIC buses take forever -_-
Civil Union ≠ Marriage
hm but how could I marry if I never date???
Wish I could be chilled up with #oomf right now
r u sure about that?
Zelda step on a nice day heading to Portland>>>
which 3 would that b?
...These patients very characteristically plan their intercourses in order not the get in trouble with their work in the days after.
you just got props here at
"The Avengers." Lou Ferrigno voices the Hulk in this film. He has played the Hulk in almost every live-action version since 1978.
What are you doing to connect with your coworkers? #leadership Build #rapport with your colleagues! An essential
Risk is a resource. Use it wisely, just like time or money.
If only my high school teachers could see me now. Devouring books like a champ!
unloading 3 finished paintings today. Pictures to come soon.
I sit by myself talking to the moon. Tryin to get to you. With hopes your on the other side, talkin to me too. Or am I a fool?
I jumped off the high dive & pretended I couldnt swim. So my buddy could steal the life guards girl when he jumped in after me
nothin better than new contacts!
If you are in the mood for something healthy, try Veggie Heaven, Flying Falafel, or My Fit Foods. We'll get it to you in around 45 mins!
I have a desperate need for a strong Sales Admin for a pet client on the West side. A bit out of my niche but I love this company. Help!
nickname in college plus
my bad cuz at work ain't see it
EVERYONE FOLLOW
So glad you did that, I love Kimberly -- she does a really great interview and edits it together totally pro.
Who's ready for some parade action? US! St. Patty's Parade starts at noon on Wisconsin Ave. Stop in for a coffe or hot cocoa beforehand!
Awee My boo said we were conjoined twins Seperated OooO_o WhATevEr thats Means¡
I have to admit: that would deter ME from invading the area! Yikes! Hope it worked. :-)
Better than i used to be by Tim McGraw is my song!!
The feeling after barely missing a bus or a train. There is something so deeply disappointing in it. :P
We will see japan be more aggressive
Watching #stateoftheunion makes me want to wear a bright blue suit. :-)
would be awesome. Expect weeden, would rather have a right tackle.
Froto is a buzz kill!
anyone at mc today tryna chill?
TRAB breakout watch....
OMFG @ THAT JR SMITH DUNK
In 2012 I resolve to spend more time at parties bragging about that novel that I'm planning to write.
trio continues its "Plays for Monk" CD Celebration at Jazz Alley in Seattle Tuesday and Wednesday, September 15 &16, 7:30PM. No cover!!!
wats up wit ya get back at me
Quick shop at CDG before heading back to Chicago
Your always my first choice<3
20 minutes to kill...why is it moments like this that I can think of nothing to occupy myself with?
Last welcome to new followers meant to include ; typo in last Tweet; it's early java still making their way to brain cells.
Good morning! Happy Friday! How is everyone!
31 followers away from a autograph giveaway
hey from wat part of puerto rico are u from im from ansco puerto rico ??
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist? A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
It's already 9:30 and I need to do my hair, my geometry packet, and study.
Pplz play to much!
If for some unlikely reason Mitt is elected, Simon, I like you too much to ever, ever let you come back to the US.
just read ur about u thingy and i just wanna say ur hella creative!! :D
Banditville jumping right now with them #RVA artist
Cargo shorts?? RT : I'm a college graduate, that feels strange to say.
Done with my #cscw2011 talk on social media, infrastructure, and representation. That was a lot of fun! (and now I can enjoy this conf.)
Don't tell me you miss me because you are the reason I'm gone
Dude. I LOVE giving massages.
Bought rain garden plants at Out Back Nursery in Hudson (half off if + 30 native perennials!) and got them in he ground just before rain.
#OnMyMind I LOVE CODY AND HIS MUSIC AND HIS FACE AND HIS ACCENT! RT IF YOU AGREE! SPREAD THE HASHTAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8 plays or places?
Seriously considering moving. Far, far away
Switching to Media Temple VS
I go to tan connection right in front of Ben Davis. Its the best one I've been to around here.
Always unexpect the expected.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me & go to minorityjobs.net Julie Hunting-Tips.html
my mom wanna come home being all annoying nshit.
ain't you a lucky guy!
Okay! night Kermit.
thanks. And it's been way too long since I've seen you. Let's fix that.
I dont even give a fuck im gonna hike through the tundra and get beer wish a killa luck
starting the show in one minute.. happy friday!
we need to hang soon
takin' me back in time. Just heard Posse on Broadway on the streets of
Joined the Princeton club today with Em. Goodbye love handles, hello eucalyptus steam room.
I'm pretty much done.
For those at you are too busy to leave the creative environment..call in your orders and we'll deliver, no delivery fee.
RT : Win or go home Boston Celtics at Atlanta Hawks 7026737032 for guestlist to the I will take care of your needs
I would say it's hard not to have similar looking ideas, because after 80 years, everything has been used
Happy birthday! Wish i were in LA. I'd bring you one of my girlfriends for your bday. You seem to like them haha. Have fun!!
now only if the partner cafe was iPad optimized... I need a laptop or desktop to access it.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers; customers that boast about your product & service & bring friends w/them. W. Edwards Deming
"you unlocked that badge too?!"
Inspiration comes from unusual places.
thanks! Mandatory four cups of wine is ok by me.
“: Anybody else up?”<-- Yes sir! Good morning.
oh... That... I'll message you.
Happy Mothers Day to our moms and we love you and are thankful for you!
great to meet w/Martin Davidson & team from , lots of room for collaboration in education, exchange & English
'Yeah now when the big wigs around you a defenseless little lamb with an overload of work, but acting like you the shit, fuckin bitch!'
Natel - Make You Sweat >>
: thank u! That dress is a dream! (swoon, falls 2 the floor) lol
This thing called me short
Captured my heart & fills it with joy, makes me feel alive, inspires me to give & be more....worth having in my life & pursuing? ABSOLUTELY!
What kind of world is this when your mind is going into the gutter before mine?
I like going to partys and take alot of bitches back to the studio and fuck them!! Thats if they pussy clean!! lol
if she's such a good hunter why did need someone to talk her through the shot?
Has anyone mentioned Simmel today?
Haha, so true. I had the headphones out within 60 seconds
Our thoughts and prayers are with the #OkState basketball community
or u could use them all @ once
The Hooded Menace invades I-CON! #MenofSteel at the Iowa Comic Convention. See the show in October
Thinking about it, I think would make a great host for the Oscars. How is he doing in Hollywood?
You two pioneers. Get rid of that covered wagon! Join the 20th Century! Live the dream!
Happy Birthday pops!!!!
congrats! :D
Rain, Rain Go Away & are going to beat some Cards today!! Go Cats!!
Edge of my seat on Drag race!
Good ? , do you know? I noted 4K prop are partly or totally tax-exempt. MT : how many are city or church prop?
Celebrating my Bday with some of my favorite DC restaurants: , & That's right...I get 3 Bday meals
Congrats ladies! Screenshots? RT : It's our dress!
lol I am not totally sure either but I figured it didn't hurt to ask! :) happy easter sir
Burger King is WAY better than McDonalds, with that nasty,cheap low-grade meat. I 'm not even sure if its real meat. #JustSaying :)
... semen is not propelled from the penis.
Hate it when Scola does it and I bet Nuggets fans will KILL Galo over that gutless try.
Yes, it was a great time, missed you guys there!
you got me?
up to all #CraigFans...He's in the kitchen working on Kate's #birthdaycake. Photos of my #MetroCakeBaker 's progress to come today.
are there any better alternatives for the online thing?
The guy played 19 GAMES as a DI quarterback. 19. Is that a good sample size?
Hi Gabe - hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity. Can you DM me an email address or phone #? - Trey
thanks for the mention :) have a great day!
That's my home-away-from-home! So we'll split it. You buy the first 2 rounds, I buy the next 2...
Make me not wanna come on twitter when doesn't tweet for more then 24 hours :(
If variety is the spice of life, mastery is its crack.
The Love is Amazing ...
Happy Valentines Day :)
Austiinnnnnn! Feels like you haven't tweeted in years;o
$100 gift card? That's a one-way ticket to margarita paradise! (And food nirvana too!)
No school for me today .
Big hair fancy clothes rockstar in the spotlight!
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO THIS WEEKEND WITH NO PUB CRAWLS OR SOCCER????
You should have gone inside and razed the team. Cc
Yes! Dirty Dancing is on! Reminds me of freshmen year=)
My year has started off bad but things can only go up from here
Know of any Peer Jury resources or examples in D.C. or nearby? Contact us!
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Excited for this Satuday in Cincy!
NOW: Thumbs up, thumbs down on Titanic in 3D, Google glasses, letting your coworkers - instead of ur boss - determine your bonus, & more...
Headed to Jackson tomorrow for #msmeca12. Giving an aft workshop on PHP apps. Learn how to install Wordpress, Moodle and more on your site.
I hope you're right.
need to figure out where I'm living later this year
In the edit studio with working on the next classic video directed by
yes!!! I say that to people all the time! xD
Using an "unfollow website" or app to call out people who unfollow you that you never followed in the first place. I don't get it.
Cleveland is the city that come from so run, run
RIP Harry Crews. Your novels changed the way I look at trailer courts, amputees, and bathtubs--or at least that particular combination.
Rushers Rule The KCAs
National Coalition for Core Arts #artstds live chat on 1/24 @ 1PM EST re: new #CommonCore standards in the Arts. via
Not a restaurant! I'm semi-retired, chef-wise, so it's envisioned as a pop-up dinner series. Less overhead & stress. :)
are ur shoes unisex or only for boyz? because i am thinking of buying and i dont wanna buy a boyz shoe
Sounds like the tenets of the Tea Party? Why fight the association to Tea Party? What's the difference?
Red Lobster with my mommy!! :))
aw haah its ok because its not the first thing i see but its right in front of my ihome so i do see him quite often lmao
forgot to add
I really want to see a video of covering "Have a Holly Jolly Christmas." I always think of him when I hear it.
OOH OOH! It's free Thursday at !
I am hip
true that.
lol thats no good, im up too :/
"..Final Fours are measuring sticks” - Izzo
That's awesome! DM me if you ever need accommodations again :)
what's my new band name?
hiding in the bushes. ready 2 sneak attack the man w/kisses when he gets home.
Happy May Day everyone! April showers bring May sausages.
Yeah go ahead. Lol
what is twitter fox
Baby I'm ready to fall, but what about you??
Happy Birthday to my 1 only child Wendell Russell Jr. I love you son and today we will create memories at the Zoo.
why do i know every word to "my humps"
Just preordered the Kindle Fire. And bought a subscription to Food Network Magazine. That's right -- it's a day without shame.
Many Thanks! Mindbloom strives to inspire all to make positive changes that lead to a life they want to grow
find out how #healthcareworks for #kids and get your questions answered about the #ACA at a Tweetchat going on now at
Alex just got hit in the head at Kid's Club, and now he thinks he's an explorer <3 :) I love kids haha
lol! Most definitely. I wuv you more!
good stuff.
I just realized there's so many hot mexicans at my school (; #choppinnn'it(;
X-POSED BRIK
Still have duck tape on the windows from the hurricane that hardly hit in August
Hi Jason, just read your tweet. I'll look into what happened and get back to you today.
how do i delete an account?
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at SPARKY'S... & at AREA 31
Hey fellas! #Follow Weist-Barron go to their website for #acting classes. br8k legs, happy holidays!
You want to grade these papers instead. I'll totally trade you.
"Jesus died like The Triumphant God!"
#twtbizcard lets try this again
Autocorrect just tried to change my "hashtag" to "hashish". Be careful, folks.
thx! RT : I've recorded an hour-plus that way, just make sure you have enough memory to save the file.
I love how they have a typo in the first sentence. It's a university, innit?
shit! You beat me. I'll be there in a few!
the high contrast gmail theme is quite nice :)
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives
TEETH in my pants! or her pants! Human centipede in my pants!
i'm like gas prices, high for no reason.
Realizing more and more everyday, what fucking animals we all are.
In about a day in a / my new screen name
Ironic how Red/White/Blue represent freedom... Until the lights are flashing behind you LOL
#BOYFRIENDReview U did great job it's amazing J!!
Oh, Portland! We meet twice a week, every week, but we never have time to hang out.
"a time to touch his robe and feel the healing surge through us, a time to ponder and a time to wonder..."
Headed out east for early Easter!
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me without cause
create a focus group, team up, ask for 30 minutes of a doctor, present case to prescribe the community
Baby in the office, baby in the office
Will do! Much needed break. :)
Please follow us. I know we can make a difference together. -Mitch
#iPhone4S or #NexusS ? I need help deciding! :S
thank you Caroline!!!
Follow back plz?
Now about Aquarena stuff--any plans to digitize? Seems perfect for a grant project; the history's so fascinating.
Seconded RT : Happy birthday ! We going to Chuck E. Cheese?
True That!! I'm so on the verge of just dismissin the person cuz friend or not, church is my world just like music is urs!
I mean !!! U need 1000 because I can't follow you !!!
Love watching #NoReservations on travel channel.
Started reading The Hunger Games last night. Finished it. Yes, it's that good. Can't wait to read the next one!
So...Romeo and Juliet. In the movie, I've just now realized that they play Prince's When Doves Cry. Where the fuck have I been?!
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 4935
Where's the BBQ?
Listening to Effington on our way through Effingham, IL.
ha ha full of yourself much? :)
Royce getn on my damn nerves cry to much
thanks!! He even signed it:)
Oh my God it's gorgeous out. It's actually fun, and not horrible to bike.
I'm right there with you. Coffee is an absolute must every morning or my coworkers pretty much avoid me like the plauge.
HE IS SO SEXY
well..he will need protection
use a service like Instapaper and make that your homepage at the office?
And yeah, Dems aren't going to switch their vote over this.
noo i think the world want to know how we do it
Soul meets soul on lovers' lips. ~Percy Bysshe Shelley ~
Thanks for the follow Ann. Look forward to reading more about your traveling experiences!
Omg lam lam dancing is so cute
Sorry i havent posted in so long ive been on vacation out of the country. Hit me up and lets talk business. 818 661 8712
Please check out my shop! xo
Apparently I was more outdoorsy than I thought this year. Thanks to I've got a good #reidiv to spend. Running gear it is!
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don’t let people bring you down.
and hopefully sooner rather than later!!
living room for the paper garden showcase! come down!!
Hello, Athens!
Thanks muchly. (or is that mulchly? ;-) )
Hackers are still spamming me and telling me people are saying bad things about me.......
29 to win. Theoretically, a chasable total even with 1 wicket in hand, if PAK just stop batting the way they've been batting this over.
Just unfollowed someone for saying "who the heck is Bon Iver?"
Good choice for a song with Clay Walker!
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
How do you think Louisville will handle playing at 10:40 local time?
Man I want some sex. It's been quite a while. #:(
yoshi this weekend let's go h.a.m
Google it
I like the panel well enough on today, but learn the most from Bill Fletcher
thats real, and i appreciate it too. you gotta hit me when you're back in the city bro.
#RealTalk RT : It's funny that the people who know the least, have the most to say
Maybe that's why our animals were restless earlier.
Haha, I love Jenna marbles
Well that last exam went out with a bang, I mean bomb x_x
Pretty awesome last day in colorado hanging with #Nuggs and #Rox both lost but the company was top notch!
Me to
u look good
I love my hometown Bearcats all the way!!!!!
Be brave. Go outside of your library for marketing. Be a part of the community and let the community promote for you.
Awesome! So excited--I will get you something soon! Thanks so much!
Today in 1840, German Physicist Friedrich Wilhelm Georg Kohlrausch born. Kohlrausch investigated the properties of electrolytes.
... the roads aren't that bad! Make it happen!
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
but i have to finish by 10:30 am
I mean really? Who cares what he's eating or where he's sitting??? Dudes not even that good.
Congrats! Looks amazing!
You are killing me! First it wouldn't let me create the new page, now it hasn't let me update the profile for 2 days. Get with it!
Thank you for sharing your family w.its with deepest love and sympathy-RIP the truth..Whitney!! LOVED HER SO MUCH! Legacy lives!!!
omg! wait you know i actually KNEW him? austin mahone? like really. he lived in hammond
We give sin power when we accept it.
Follow Mee I Follow Back <3
Farm fresh galettes, mint ice cream, basil sorbet, strawberry popovers, farm basil and coffee for the Pilsen Community Market 9am tomorrow
Attack Walmart as if an apocalypse is coming
A3: trusting is like walking in the dark, holding someones hand..we fear the darkness or losing our hold
found out I'm getting the pains in my legs because I have scar tissue from surgry pushing on nerves..gotta do cortisone shot
I follow for the same reason I follow I like fiction.
Cute little apps often act like big bad brother #privacyisdead #1984 #Orwell "Big Brother is watching You"
follow what????
i did waitt i thought it was jadenn.! haha i always confuse them
#scherzinger soon!! Get in
Going mothers day shopping on mothers day
we are back OPEN AT NOON TIL TWO!!!!
Dieing of laughter(x
Bloomington PD get their man... an arrest tonight for the targeting of cars along Normandale Blvd. We're going to tell you more on Fox
S/O to all the Single Mothers out there! #YouDontNeedAMan Continue to handle Y'all business
my little molly is growing upp:(
Rolled my ankle last night ...swollen...hurts
it was so delicious, I got the portobello this time...looking forward to an actual burger in the future. What's ur favorite?
Read Valentine in Two Gentlemen of Verona with last night. So much fun, I forgot to tweet. Thanks to everyone who supported!
“: Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas ~Paula Poundstone”
the jailbreak done fucked up my phone!
Wa, broken link. I want to see the firemenzzz.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't just a little worried. I'm sure all of the players are well aware RSL is a quality side, but
Good luck today big guy
Some may call today National High Five Day, others call it Don't Touch Me Day
no I went 2 the country side most of the time then London the rest :)
That's actually the first NYC history book I ever read. Lots of familiar names in posts that might surprise you.
We've got two shows today: Falling Forward in The Club, and Stick Men in the hall. Come have a good time with us, music is good for you
This back pain stuff is unrelenting. Maybe the doc should've given me meds!
Mobbing it up fqam hows everything going for ya MOB
RT cfaulkner --> still down in philadelphia area 18964. What's up!
When I'll be missing you and I don't want to miss a thing comes on, I can't help but get goosebumps and think of , R.I.P Angel 💜👼
Oh great way to start off my morning, great thing to happen three days before graduation.
are you coming down today?
you should creep on me! Haha
I can't fathom that being the reason why. can I phone you? or are you doing your stupid homework?
what the......nice dress, i'm jellous
How awesome after baseball practice I sat on a fire ant hill
Remember people tweets are just general statements that you feel a lot of people would agree on, like open opinions nothing personal
Calling ALL #WorldHistory geeks. What's a good name for a cup that represents World History? Aka "Stanley Cup"?
I like it! Thanks! You all are fast as a flash!
Also, sat next to WWII Vet who was very encouraging re my WWII historical novel idea. :-)
Let's get some Instagram action going! ;D
You Know You Were Going On There Girl (:
Wish I coulda met you, too. Would be glad to learn more about your work, as we do more digital scholarship support in library.
Twitter randomly unfollowed some people this morning. I don't know who. Now I can follow 8 more people though, so... good?
Congratulations to Brianne Grant! You have won the Facebook iPad 2 drawing!
Most painful day ever . Spent the whole time in the nurse office , hospital and with police .
When you have something to add, tweet it, but be sure to include #digped in the tweet so others will see it.
Cleveland is ALL sketch, though... hahahaha. but have fun and enjoy your trip :)
A man should make all he can, and give all he can. - Nelson Rockefeller
All about the Twitter background of it's sleek, chic and neat.
Game vs Hoboken
National Sales Event this wkend; see interactive touchscreens engage prospects: Goose Creek/Colonial Heritage VA, Emmens Preserve SC
Hit record? Holla @ me
ROTFL that is funny.
for #SMWSportsBiz ... Free Brooklyn lager... Classy!
films seeks fan fic writers for documentary #fan fiction
RT : off to val gardena for a bit of speed and air.
#WhyDoPeople hate on others to feel better about themselves?
"Aint no cow stepping on my toe" - Miranda
?what do you want seen on aaron.tv
Perhaps the chapter I just looked at was only 3 pgs, but when I clicked PDF icon on top right I only got PDF for that section
One more week.....
“: tour @ Endres Manufctrng. They cut a W & Badger out of metal for me! They should have showed you how to make license plates.
im tired of being single i need a boyfriend !
you know it! Follow us for updates and screenings!
that is a problem that needs to be fixed.
Ok we've seen Bill Murray & Arnold Palmer today, but where is the coverage?!
DENIED! Cop just asked for info on a patron's record. W/o a warrant. I shot that down.
gotta know how to control urself sometime!!! aint u i orlando?
Chicago BeeBeeBee will be hosting its Torch Awards Thurs@ the H.I mart plaza my least favorite work event,i would rather eat salad all week.
everythings always so much better in florida.
it's ok nick already dropped it lol he was a champ & ate all 3. It was disgusting! Snail, frog, goat and mystery
i just followed the next jb can u help me gain followers plz and follow me
follow me lol
5000 Tweets! Dang I talk a lot lol!
nah... just makes me realize how pretty and popular I am.
Awk moment when i forget how to.swallow my.spit
Brent is cool. But Kozel? Yeah i guess
Jim Neal: we need to massively redeploy library spaces for acad collaboration
Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. ~ Mary Ellen Chase
Gorgeous sunset in KC
your kneecaps
Looking for cash buyers interested in some great cash flowing and equity rich deals in Grove City or Hilliard, OH!!
Go Kaptur! beat the troll!
Sorry to have missed your tour with the other Gadlingers today! Hope it was a blast.
New Jersey Autistic Boy Records Teachers' Alleged Abuse - ABC News
Bounce on Saturday = Crazy! & what do you think?
so I got a new icon(: you like it?
but until she tell me she's ready....Im
Whataburger field in Corpus is awesome. Intimate park with wind turbines, tankers, bridge in the distance.
who's your cousin?
: Why not offer a Volunteer Tax to millionaires? Great way to test patriotism and offer a channel to those 1% who want to help.
Rest in peace Grammie I love you
Direct your thoughts. Control your emotions. Ordain your destiny.
Hey guys help us out and tell everyone about us, big release coming up soon!!
Want to win $25,000?? Come to Tavern Tech Center this Thur., 3/22 for the Alice Radio/Bud Light Brews ‘N Brackets promo with Slacker &...
Good Morning...When God takes something from your grasp, He's not punishing you but merely opening your hands to receive something better.
Intergrity,Honesty,And Ethic Pay Off . Stay True To Your Self
missing dat chocolate where u @?
would love to!!! So glad i got to hear you :) beautiful songs and killer voice!!!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE YA AT? :)
This turned out to be a beautiful weekend for sitting inside and indexing Honolulu residents in the
We're officially up and tweeting! If you have any software questions, concerns, or just want to talk...we're here!
On #PghTodayLive at 9 we have the latest fashions and trendiest Valentine's day flower arrangements to share with you! Be sure to tune in!
totally terrible - do you know who they are using to stream?
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young, big boobs :))
Got my graduation dress today(:
FArthritis thanks for following me on Twitter!
RT - Taylor will sign a one-day contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars on Friday.
is it the anorexia in her voice?
Tonight on WGN News at 9... Bodies in caskets piled in a storage room, the man who uncovered the secret shares his search for the truth.
Hey - that's great news. Let me know the dates. It's only a 3 hour drive from Seattle :)
I already knew you wasn't ready 4 this..
Academic friends: taking my iPad to Japan instead of laptop. What apps help you do your work? Which ones are must haves?
Looking for a HH spot for tonight? Come hang out with us on the patio! Beautiful weather, and even more beautiful drinks for $5 until 7!
Sweet. Is Paso Robles a client?
The End of the Big Three As We Know it SMDH
who is online?
seems if you wait a day or so, twitter removes them...but blocking them straight away gives twitter the feedback to remove them
I wanna bike to work on friday! I have a huffy with yellow mag wheels. Is that cool?
That awkward moment when you can't tell if your friend is being trolled or if he really came out...
follow me please tnx
Gay parade sunday on south beach, great way to end prom weekend!
Prosecutor says three teen suspects in "Craig's List" murder are gang members. Mother of one suspect disputes that allegation.
I want to be with you now ... just a shame that stupid fans who would do anything to see her Niall! I love you :) x
JK: trust = competency, character, consistency, and capacity.
wondering where my cousin been all my life ?????
I see... will it still get a bit of char? Anything else good to do before eating the corn besides a bit of lime and salt?
hell up
Fantastic! RT : I will be there!
watched the first minute and last 11 seconds, wisconsin wins - awesome
She say she heard i was a wild one...only one way 2 find out ;)
Rachelle is kind of like Roseanne Barr and Susie Green mixed with an empty bottle of Advil
Not so much David Wilson.
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook fan page! be entered in our drawing 4 an iPAD2! Announced on here in 22 hours!!!! 1 day to go!
Go Lobos! Good luck Lady Lobos Soccer team today against BYU. Go Lobos!
awww thanks amy ur beautiful too :-)
Thanks for the follow back...
Please support Walk for Wishes this saturday.
Cool. Glad you're enjoying it.
This is where I belong
put her in the chamber all against her wilt chamberlain.
Vice Presidential candidates
why you giving me a whale face.
Liz Burton from Zumaya Publications & various fantasy worlds, who finally managed to make it to
Working up story on breast feeding moms at Bridgeport village--anyone with issues?
- the argument in support of existence of God is fairly complicated and rooted in nature. This is the point of my statement.
Spent the weekend skiing in Vermouth.
Such a fun night! I love Miami <3
The moment when i see your face &i cant breathe xx
Wow ft.lauderdal stop honking
Ok i admit, i only just finally listened to 's new EP, Fire. Um yea, i'm now the proud owner of the complete EP download
Time for a cookout !!
Don't start a land war in China. Don't compete with Meryl Streep for Best Actress.
i see you did a skit with Kevin Hart on his neww movie. I recognize that ass anywhere.
What a thrill and a delight to work with producer Jonathan Case and his cast and crew on this latest masterpiece "HURT". Great fun guys!
Thank you so much - hope your dad is better
i been 5'10 for like for 3 years already i didnt grow a inch lhh
SOME people get into your LIFE to make it BETTER..., some people MUST get OUT to make it BETTER.
there about 8
Single Stop loves its partners! Enjoying the : 2012 #Comm_College National Legislative Summit today
I love backwards down the number line
FBI says it stopped kidnapping of innocent bystander during Hells Angels investigation. 5 SWAT teams made 26 arrests.
"Cold Turkey"....(gluten free, one would assume)
Sorry we didn't get more of a chance to talk. Company in town.
2day's update 2 our online dashboard is NOT in flash.That means iOS users (iphone, ipads) should get more functionality on their device.
": "Don't stress over what could've been, chances are if it should've been, it would've been."
Good morning Alex ♥, how are you? :D
thats my fear. I might just go out anyway and walk to the mall or something. Its only an hour and a half walk from here.
Replacing old memories with new ones.
That would be a neat superhero talent.
Why do teachers insist on giving all these tests at the end of the year? #wtf 😠😁
i just always Gotta be Rite
Funny how quickly things change. Literally, in the blink of an eye.
I'm cravin some of fye hot lemon pepper wings!!! Guess ill have to wait until next Saturday a L.A.X nightclub
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for your youth educational programs.
Who cares about what these over paid actors are wearing while average Americans scramble for food and gas money
Lebron's mouth gaurd says it all... (y)
can't believe it is Wednesday already! This week is flying by!
lots of tools here I hadn't seen before. Will check them out next time I am putting wireframes together.
in the mood to sing "Friday" noww..
Yay! It's only a matter of time before the money will start rolling in! Let us know if you need any help.
ILike Better Just Cant Get Enough When Iconic BOYZ Did IT . TElling THe TRuth =P
What did he sing? ": Just had my 1st celeb spot at LAX Ziggy Marley was on my flight and I got to hear him sing"
So i got cereal wth milk then i finshed it n my stomach started to hurt n then my mom smelled it n it was sour ):< ugh
i forgive you etsy my love!
Getting ready for band rehearsal wondering 'do people still go out and watch original rock bands anymore?'
Still waiting on my Mare to Hopefully deliver twin foals. Only happens 1 in 10,000 births. Due anytime between the 10th and the 16th.
Thank you so much for your help. Truly appreciated :-)
yes i am interested in them but i won't have the money till after modern warfare comes out. if you still have it i will get it
Girl you need to date Koda because you and him look good together!!
Don't get in trouble. Take our brewers# shuttle. Stop in for a drink and get a ride to and from the game.
Looking for a place to watch the #Packers game tomorrow? We're open 4- Cl & will have $2 tall boys of #Bud & Labatt during the game!
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen having to say good bye to this literally sucks...
Oh. Yours wasn't terrible. I thought you meant me... and then I was going to agree with you.
"do they know it's christmas?" is a song about jews, i think.
One thing the Saints bring to the super bowl that I like is the possibility of a Cash Money Millionaires half time show.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was. ~Author Unknown
Some hot Cheetos with lemon sound pretty 🔥and a tall Arizona with it
Would like to see Brian Johnson, Rod Stewart, and Kim Carnes start a scratchy voice version of the Three Tenors.
Glad to hear it! Tweet-up is at Hilton, if you hadn't heard yet. :-)
karaoke fridays here at nine72 9pm! FUN FUN FUN!
yup. I wanna go to Canada Aye. Lol
wow!!! Y'all deserve it!!! Love ya
Without saying The Hulk, I'll say Captain America makes a fantastic leader. Hawkeye could've used backstory and screen time.
Save the date-the old Northfields is now Monroe's Restaurant & Bar Grand Opening June 2. Apps, drink specials & music
Please follow me(: 12
I agree
Happy Mother's Day from our staff at Kuko's. Don't forget our Mariachi will be performing at 8pm! - Bryan
ESPECIALLY if you saw the women helped by its programs. RT How could you NOT want a Violence Against Women Act ?
most recipes I'm seeing are just lemon peels steeped in vodka, then steeped in simple syrup. easy!
and so true lol
How did tidying up my living room for company turn into cleaning out my closet?
Screw trying to find a miserable job this summer. I'm gonna make my own while making myself and others happy.
Dammmmnnnnnn I like a man in uniform lol
Working with a depressed 5 year today. Bringing her a ray of hope.
Now serving Cabrito Tacos every Sunday, begining at noon until it's gone! $3.49ea! Come early and get your Goat on!
Follow Me On Twitter Please!!!!!!! I Need More Followers lol =3
I finished it already! Whew was it a creative surprise!
I love big fat purple nipples on my penis for breakfast.
omfg thank you for telling me
Who is your new Avi?
RT Listening to deadmau5 and looking for a dead mouse --> rad.
Or if they went to class all this past week.
OK. I guess is still a good choice for Node.js though.
Out & about with , ready for another interesting night out
Rap evangelist
bacon, pico de gallo, onion straws, a special mayo (forget what they called it) , monterey jack I think.
These bitches -_____-
FRI Lunch Dessert Special: Dark Chocolate Mousse with Blueberries & Chocolate Shavings
DAILY POKER TIP: Don't berate the bad players at the table. Doing so may cause them to leave and take their money with them.
really?! it's fate. we should have a one-on-one book club meeting!
#BackInElemantarySchool I would steal pencils
LECRAE HATES POLISH PEOPLE RT : Was invited to hang out with some major hip hop artists but I don't do establishments with poles
Visited El Gaucho in Bellevue last week. Perfect place to celebrate my birthday. Nice to be welcomed back by GM David Scherling.
Zodiac and Shoes | If The Shoe Doesn&#39;t Fit
Yeah! And we're getting different taps in all the time. Tonight! Take a pub crawl without moving at downtown's only neighborhood bar!
what's good kid
just trust me wen i say a lot is goin change in yhe next year for u
it's my new tap dance company me and another tap dancer Kaelyn Gray just started in the Louisville/ Cincinnati area.
It's like I always wanna just punch him in the dick.
im proud of you cookie
You are so obesssed.
Turning into a monster bitch as this day progresses.
How sweet it is...
Sir Bob&#39;s first aid Commons campaign takes flight
it's like wow with a yow... No need to thank me, it's a gift!
witha line like that you need to record whenever it worked
How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies’ Bands…? Stacked in white, yellow & rose gold….Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring?
Holy cow that was bad
Become a master Googler! Stop by our "Google for Academic Research" workshop on 9/8 from 4-5pm to learn the secrets of power-searching.
Tip #153: Did you know the odds of flopping two pair is 49 to 1? Learn to fold your small blind more often.
So, what IS your Favorite Desert Island Album?
Cator: Metaphor of "Stone Soup" People need to see themselves in any funded ed tech project
you gotta see the setup though. It's not like last year or the year before. Trust me, you'll like it
It's national meatball day! awesome specials: has all-you-can-eat meatballs for $25 and has $2 meatballs!
You'll fall more at the start but pick it up more quickly....
What a BLAST!!!
Lick it, Kiss it, Love it, Don't spit it.
"My Little Eye" was actually pretty decent. I had no expectations, so that may be why, but it kept me guessing in a few spots.
you get mad when i dont text you back, but when i do you don't. t(-_-)t whateverr dude. 2 can play this game. GAME ON!
#NashaRashaNYC Let Loose and Relax Happy Hour! 4pm - 7pm
I'm a nerd :p
no it got postponed until Tomorrow
“I got well by talking. Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on.” - Louise Erdrich
that doesn't help me lol
He is GORGEOUS in drag. If you saw of photo of me at 24 and him and 24... we could be twins! Didn't realize you are in FLA.
On #VirginAmerica, Debit card wouldn't swipe, in window seat, & other cards buried overhead in bag. Guy on aisle bought me lunch.
Lost power in the thunderstorm last night and am now staring out the window at snowflakes. Only in MN. And really, it's kind of fun!
and that's when i received too much information.
One positive. We're staying at the same hotel as the Brewers!
Very cool! Oh, and nice Kappa arm pop, :)
I am aware that accomplishment is more than a great idea. It's timing too.
I can't fall asleep without music playing and I lost my headphones:(
Tearin' Up My Heart-*Nsync :D don't judge me!
m, unffff that's attractive. (; haha
yes this is true
thanks, Captain Obvious.
Had a blast at the Auten family reunion with and Jill!
What's wrong w/mail betw Norway & here? Pkg sent month+ ago not here. :( At least U.S. mail's working. Inventory started to arrive. :)
Living the blessed is not by chance. Your choices today make up your tomorrows.
Once you do it twice, it's not a mistake anymore. You were supposed to learn from your mistakes, and you didn't.
yeah buddy
I might just be the maddest person in the world right now
Sounds like I'm going swimming (:
leaving at lunch.. epic.
If you live here,we would totally be on our way to go see James Franco rn.ugh
Big news in Colorado: ESPN's says now that Peyton Manning has chosen Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tebow.
That was a freaking waste of my 3 minutes of life D8<
I loved ur facial expression change when cathy said she gave away the bumblebee costume! Chloe is amazing!(: #DanceMoms <3
All day today all i can think about is how i want to HULK smash things
...and firms must do so to stop high gas prices leading to higher costs at the cash register.
Watched "Exit Through The Gift Shop" with #Banksy. Now sporting sideburns a civil war survivor would be proud of.
woot i got my old version of tweet deck back
For sure! Hopefully we can find a innovative way to keep the students engaged. Still love that idea of yours!
B. Griner = A. Davis
hey whose fuckin in the bushes
Whenever I have headphones in it sounds like everyone around me is speaking another language.
clearly not ;)
I would love that! I'll be gone Saturday but tomorrow night I'll be here :))
have you had to do the Mac part of that chart yet?
Artest is a lunatic!!!!!!
Convenience foods are pre-made meal fine for emergency but it is not healthy & very expensive.
Thanks for the re-tweet. I appreciate it.
My employer is extending an offer to a talented PHP Dev. Am excited at the prospects of what we can accomplish.
I'm pretty sure I've filled out over 15 applications in the past five days. Come on with it now!!!!!!!!
Thank you so much! RT : I'm really enjoy your songs! love you.
Blessed I see another 24
"the allure of the automobile" exhibit of rare and award winning cars are coming to the museum this summer.
CCPE begins to explore offering courses online. And we wonder, how do you #learn best?
Well, no phone call... and no record of someone coming out today to restore my service. big surprise
Might have been too much of a good thing!
I like the way you think!
Have a feeling if I knocked on neighbors' door & said "Hi, I'm here to assert my bacon rights. Please hand over two strips" they'd call cops
Khloe Kardashian & Lamar Odom In Near-Fatal Car Crash. Where is Kim's ass when cushion is needed?!
Thanks to for the follow! Txt message marketing is a great way to promote you brand- Buy Bixby! Call about details - 918-271-0062
Start at EZ3 Media tomorrow, then Second City Improv class!
is the awesome!
they post auditions on there local n national. Ur uswr name and password should be the # on ur jc id card. Tat u use to sign
Khleo Thomas is sexy as hell . . . if you didnt already no. :)
what starts with a and ends in mazing- YOU
It's highly amusing to see the re-emergence of Clinton as an Obama proxy in the campaign, hope he does it more often.
bajaja she is not going to since you messed up .lol
Hmm I might have feelings for one of my exes...We've been texting all day, but I'm not about to tell him that!
May be on at 10, may not. It's still a wait and see. Watch till the bitter end and find out :)
5 oz FREE! Let's go let's go! Have a hot cocoa after haha.
Is using Gracie Jiu-jitsu to dress unwilling 1 yr olds wrong? B/c let me tell you its RLY convenient.
Sorry again. My password is changed now. Do not open any dm's from me.
ah but you are a day early with a chance for a good night of sleep. Before you party hearty/hardy
dancing with elephants can be like a tribal meeting only we;re a country
If your stuck in a hole, stop digging.....
can you possible make it so intelliscreenX checks for tweetbot also. For those that use alternative twitter apps?
...I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet
....But most importantly S/O to CHICAGO
I overheard someone call me "white devil." Well, apparently THAT still gets SAID?!
that's good!
It's hot up in here. Newts supporters are on fire.
alright see ya there
Yes! There were about 10 or 12 there with pretty much every type of food you might have a craving for.
This is for the niggers in the suburbs And the white kids with nigger friends who say the n-word
i want ice cream ! its so nice outside !
Done with bullshit.
Hi all!!
you shouldn't take the loss personally. Seemed like there was no motivation on the united side of the ball.
man me too, I'm on the way to hoop now..
Fallon monologues are always hilarious
can't wait for yoga this morning :)
Right when I'm about to start singing EVERYONE AN THEIR MOM COMES TO MY HOUSE WTF WHY
When kobe leave the nba I'm done watchin it. Its getting too soft now
Sometimes I wonder who has the bigger Beyblade addiction. Me or my 5 year old?
ah haha okay
who else could it have been?
hm... i wonder when is gonna be creepin again? ;p ha
#remember way back wen
I am a boy and I will do this for you just because I love you :]
"Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ" Philipians 1:27 Whatever happens......
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life. -Les Brown
business decision but I mean shit, it was MONTHS for an injury that usually takes WEEKS.
Jared, thanks for supporting Gone! Much appreciated!!
RT : A man faces charges after he claimed to be the new manager of a Denny's then cooked himself a cheeseburger and fries.
“: #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate how big are your tits” Hahahahahahahah the irony.
You know life is good when as a writer you work your way into 1,633,906 followers.
p.s. when I was baking the cake last night, I was totally reminiscing about our brownie days. It was just not the same. :-(
Great audience at Titanic. Talking & using their phones the entire time. I'm sorry, are the deaths of 1,500 people too boring for you?
Tonite: The Bloodtypes punk PARTY at Plan B bar in Portland
I don't care about your bomb ass weed my nigga I got some good shit right here :)
Hi Dell. It seems I am not allowed to DM you unless you are following me :(
thanks for tweeting the pre-concert talk and so glad you had a good time at the show tonight!
are you guys back to podcasting the show on iTunes?
Thanks for attending! It's a wild night... RT : Loving a night with Groucho
I'm good bro
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
(EOTO-verse is a separate 3-story/novel arc, which runs both prior to and parallel to the events of 'Scholar's Mate' &sequels.)
omg yes! I do now!!
“: Working on our weekend list - the theme for this weekend is food - lots of good food.” count us in!
#YES IS THE #LARGEST PARTY #RENTAL COMPANY IN #DAYTON CALL US AND FIND OUT WHY 298-0114
still mad from sat we had that and sore at the same time lol it's all cool tho game sat we bout to do work Cowboys C
RT : ♫ Street Knock (feat. ASAP Rocky) - by Swizz Beatz
umm... Is this an April fools joke.. Or... ? Kinda just freaked out..
Thanks so much for the mention, Eri...if I didn't say so yet:-)
spilling a brand new bottle of nail polish until it's empty >>>>>>>>
Bored someone hit me up lets do something
Take them shoes off your teeth && quit runnin your mouth
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. -Babe Ruth
Jon Gruden makes me laugh
New Krishna has wifi too if that makes any difference.
Here come the students, let the busiest part of the day begin!
Go Follow She Follows Back
Suddenly running low on people to scream at after Bears losses.
Will I ever slow down?
Just did week 1, day 1 of !
Haha yeah. It was very hard to run in them.
I have a exclusive for you Aubrey...Only you will be able to cover my 3-D Without Glasses product in Miami...
hahaha! famous? that's funny.
Thanks everyone for you kind support today: Bhana Grover, Ivette, Julie Caskey, Susan, Margaret, Rani Anne and Sean Clute.
Irving Wladawsky-Berger - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Happy to be joined by this Sunday morning on #liveatdaybreak. is on honeymooning with Mr. Ritka.
Sounds like a plan. A very good plan :)
SHOT OUT FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
To find vols for transcription, use google -- look for existing interest groups online that would care abt what you're doing.
hey! can you follow its still me but different account. (;
You wanna know just ask
The workday may have just ended, but Ladies’ Night is just gettin started! Ask your server what special items are 20% off for Ladies tonight
12th most valuable. You fell victim to the slide show.
Can the NURSE diagnosis a concussion from the couch?!? Every blow to the head is different, no matter how it looks.
The Mexico Blue Film Fest back! It will tour Baja, Ixtapa & DF It will also go to Oaxaca Barra de Potosi, Vallarta & Sayulita- don't miss it
luuuul my sister just said "Zayn Malik is not a god" can you please come to my house and beat her up?
The things Raegan says about oomf has me dying omg
Am still in shock about this marriage equality shift. Wow.
Wear what makes you SHINE! Bring a sweater in case you get chilly inside!
Huh? He is speaker, no? RT : House Speaker Kurt Zellers says it's in poor taste to ask him if he'll vote for #Vikings stadium.
fan mail. I sent his last Sunday :)
and if your feelin' like i dnt show you the attension you deserve then from this day fourth i promise ta work on that.
Locking down schedule as I have a deployment next week. Will DM you openings but always love morning coffee. :-)
Nice to meet you! RT My derby name is Betty Rage.
taking me right? Lol
This baby never stops running around.
lakers would have to take an expiring contract for orlando but not much money. chris paul trade would've done wonders...
The current problem facing #JustinBeiber poses a good lesson in crisis communications. What do you tell your client?
Give us a hint...and which episode is it?
Is this THE on #smallbizchat?
the only thing I ever plan is to get money
I would love that RT : don't make me scramble you!
Ah how exciting!
Congrats on 2011 TORI nominations & (via )
OMG I REMEMBER WHEN THIS CAME OUT!!!!!!! I GOT TO SEE THE PERFORMANCE ON HEYX3
We have over 250 followers in the first week! Thanks for following.
What theme do you think our next Reel Inspiration article should be at #ArticianMag ?
We'll have to link up again one day!
Andy Geiger in at UWM, huh? I wanted bold...that certainly fits the bill.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
"In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Not sure how much longer I can go w/out a laptop cord! :( times 10 :(
biology tutoring in 20 minutes...*sighs*
I don't!
out on a thursday....thats sad.
I'll look into it... follow me back :]
I'm not very but I try haha..
Thank You!
rt “: Just in: Karen Santorum will make campaign stops in Wauwatosa and Cedarburg on Saturday
Mexican torta for lunch!
#bowwownation why my friends don't want to go to Miami with me :'( I really want to party with Wizzle.. who can I run too
has monkeys in his mind!
Hello Hank :D
The Terminator Returns. May 21st.
Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
omg!!@!!! that is like what crazy.
Had such a great time last nite!! Of Montreal amazing as always!! Felt so alive & in the moment!!! Love it when a show does that :)
thanks babe!(;
Thanks for coming! MT : good morning! had an awesome & inspiring night at exhibition last night.
I know it's out of your way but Northwind Animal in parkville/Towson is great vet if your looking for other choices
Y'all missed the #simpsesh last night! I was on one. A strong one. 👌
yeah FLA LSU basketball at 6pm...But I know who you WON'T be cheering for. ;)
Mega Millions jackpot for Friday night's drawing climbed even higher – to a world record $540 million.
chris rock used to rap lol
Pirates play the Nationals again (7:05, televised on ROOT) after yesterday's 5-4 win.
Insomnia, I really really really really really loathe you right now. I have a final tomorrow, really?!???
Frank Jr is going to his 8th grade finale tonight, lol, I remember going to mine...horrible night.
Hi there folks. Taking a much needed break from life in the mountains. 3-day R&R in Jacmel.
I'd like quinoa more if it didn't remind me of a background texture from Contra. I'm sensitive to these kinds of things.
Lol... thought so! They should know you only use DM on Fb! ;) Thx for letting us know. will delete! xox!
Wearing an Ohio State t-shirt today. Considering most appropriate foods for football Saturdays. Yes, it's still February.
what is it. Torn acl?
No :( He Visting His Grandparents In Nicaragua
your only getting BETTER!!...enjoy you day!
The problem with someone having connections at the bar is that everyone gets really drunk, really fast...
Ha! If it's your kid that's causing the problem, you should just glower at them relentlessly until they leave. Might as well!
heck yea!
RT : TRADE official, source told Denver Post. Melo to Knicks www.denverpost.com/sports
Breakfast Stout for Dessert
I miss y'all too ughh :(
Norwegian Cruise Line launches 2013/ 2014 preview brochure
anytime man!
what do you think of the helmet?
678 years of combined work experience just retired prematurely from the Tennessean newspaper.
My cat is obsessed with exploring the bedroom closet. There is obviously only one explanation: He has discovered a door to Narnia.
So awesome:)))
Come, O Hope, focus our blurred and distracted sight that we might see clearly the One who is coming. ~Pamela C. Hawkins
Yeah, trust. Its what friends do -Dory.<3
sorry I meant smells**
check your dm's mister xD
RT "If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today." -Lou Holtz
hahaha, you're welcome
I declare, DC hasn't seen such a beautiful day in months. Gorgeous.
should museum SM be held to a higher standard that interactives? exhibits?
Someone needs to tell to stop dealing with these hoes who still have formula on their breath.
haha yes! especially if we did it to that certain person. They would crap their pants if we snuck up &yell that hahaha
didn't think I'd be getting back into John Zorn any time soon; ... goes to show what I know.
its like 3 am i cant sleep babe
I Am What I Am still TT! :O
and the teddie photo?
Hoping everyones week is going well so far! Getting everithing ready for the summer months!!
Arizona DUI? Trust the former prosecutors to defend you! Remember - new bench trial law means experience counts more than ever!
This weekend is off the hook! Calls coming in, like what?
Holy bleep balls! Hold onto your top!
It's young money motha fucka if ya ain't running with it run from it motha fucka
Everyone should go check out his movie hyphen
My life starts again at 2 p.m. tomorrow.
#6WordSciFiStory - Teleportation insurance is expensive but necessary.
a bunch of drafts that didn't go through at certain shows all went out tonight. sorry about that!
Why are people so judgmental? fuck society and what they think you should be.
#Colts truly house cleaning.
When I get a text from her I'll hurdle over couches to grab my phone 😊
I love when you smile, but i love it even more when I'm the reason
I want a puppy!!!!
LIKE ManyFreeThings page on Facebook to represent your position in the Million chain linkathon! Hundreds of thousands of people may be,,,
just cooling at the moment about to smoke some
I'm shopping them - shoot me your email
Rush's 4 wives have consistently misled him abt female birth control as a way to avoid dealing with his small penis.
My boo butt skills on the tat gun is legit pic comin soon :-)
We'll leave them with their regrets.
Thanks for watching! I will be around this summer doing Braves LIVE. Hope you will tune in.
Bout ta do i long over due collab wit the homie m.e.
That hurt me when I read it RT : My dermal got ripped out yesterday by my brother
“ Patience can be the hardest thing about life sometimes.”
I feel like I have a lot of those "yea I could cry" nights lol
I wish I was sponsored when I play my games. I have amazing gameplay that no one will ever see cuz of that.
Hey Joe, I've been waiting for a new episode of fear factor but nothing. Season already over? Cancelled?
Two hours til #shehechat! We'll be talking about preparing to present and/or speak at the office or at an event. Join us!
yeah. Immediate block. Also the generic egg avatar kinda gives it away.
Thanks for following us!!
Random head cold is in full-effect. Ugh.
And this is to long. Just say thank you and sit down. Just sayin'.
2 mos. ago I was at Starbucks & witnessed two fat libs in tiny Honda screaming FU1% at 3 men in suits.
idunno were to start
Join us for ReadAloud today at Thompson Library 3-4pm room 202: Ebony Caldwell will read selections from C.S. Lewis.
What a great practice tonight! We are so looking forward to playing out at Grim's Roadhouse on Saturday, March 3rd. We'll see you all there!
#EenieMeenie2YearsAnniversary I's been 2 years?? I miss little
"IDK of its retired or real-tired!" -
Don't tase me bro!
One more twinkie and your overweight!
RT : that's awesome!!!!! Love the pic.//yeah, he did a great job on the
Totally false that Ann Romney didn't have job--all those nannies, gardeners, cooks, drivers, in all those houses--If Mitt let her have say
IPhone 5 rumor... Apple will rename silent mode to "LeBron" since both are ring-less.
Why piss around with dumb Staal trades when you can watch the L.A. Kings' splendid forecheck every other night?
Thank you Ferdinand for giving us lifelong #Porsche dreamers the greatest driving machine ever, in the history of the world. RIP my friend.
Thanks! RT " It's actually next week, 4/21, but thanks for the enthusiasm! #RSD12"
I know! I need to practice.
Just sent a SEVENTH request email. It's kind of hard to do your job when you have to rely on other people.
Panther dash tonight, much needed time with my friendss :))) then three stooges movie with the fam!
Johnny fucking Evans?“: Finally, finally - our most improved player of the season has his first goal for us”
Congrats! RT : When I see my Mother again, I will tell her that I was elected Vice President of the STC. And she will be proud.
There Will Be Blood in my pants
#imadeleter for sure
DO EET. Awesome read. Astounding story.
I've had a few of your varieties and I'm amazed how distinct each type of coffee bean is. It's like wine tasting! Delish
life is great.... the only thing I'm missing is sleep.
Big day for #GreenBay #Packers fans! The #NFL will release its full 2012 schedule tonight at 7pm (ET), 4pm (PT). #GoPackGo!
I kinda wanna save this chick on the train from a bad date.
should have started That tweet off with SPOILER ALERT...JEEEZZZZZZZ
Relieved. (But yes, bittersweet, too.)
Thanks for the RT! Have a fabulous day!!
“: How many NASCAR races has Danica Patrick won?” the same amount as I have
Sorry... cant. My moms got the macbook tn for "Schoolwork"
It was fantastic to meet you too! Great work last night!
I saw a 6 year old boy dancing were i used to dance
Stop act'n like a clown,this aint no free show.
yeah, it was my first day at SHS, and I came home and my mom was like "Doom?"
Check out our new logo!
It's Spaghetti Pie 2.2 time!
wow, if that isn't blatant use of ownership just trying to make money instead of sound football decisions, i dunno what is.
I am getting the resume looking pretty!
Paper = done ...and a half hour before my target time
Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's "Beauty Way." "Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash"
it is good
disappointed in ya, north carolina
Another busy day of #teacher shadowing and curatorial work at two galleries. I #thrive on hectic days.
Woo Hoooooo can't wait!!
you actually have 849...
Prepare for war, gentlemen.
I believe most call that a Freudian slip.
“Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything.”
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for coming in!
I don't know....high school felt like a rut.
Huh! Wish she wouldn't hang around that dead beat!
"LIKE" this if you're excited about next Wednesday's Career Fair @ MCC!
Man, you're just about two months too late on that. Timing is everything in the fruit storage game, Donovan. *Everything*
Help needed for 7th graders..anyone want to give feedback on environmental ideas
WHEN YOU BECOME A FAMOUSE RAPPER PLEASE REMEMBER ME (:
USBBPP h@@@! yo I'm not against the cause, obviously #LoveAllMyPeople. But that commercial is funny as he!! lmfao
he could. We'll see
We changed our background to the amazing 28 poster by What do you think? (We love it.)
yes i am.
On my way to the office
I'm a bit of a worrier. That's why they call me 'Whiskers'
The FA need to investigate this ref. Just atrocious. Is the gangster Abramovich paying officials? Shady owners done it b4. Marseille. Milan
DEAL OF THE DAY! Stop in and take an extra 10% off any bottle of lotion, but only if you mention this ad!
has a great seat to watch Linus Torvalds speaking to us. Only 3 rows back.
Good call! I'll try today :)
Good Morning!
we got this. Faith will be restored.
About to see my brother graduate from University of Chicago business school today. Not a fan of graduations - P
Almost time for campaigners. #YoungLife haha im part of a
╚►INFO◄╝ ★•*¨*•.★ Turf Music Internet Radio & Promotions || Need more Website Promotions? Contact
I'll be a few hours late for that one
Lol maybe im mixed and my momma just got one hell of a secret
I wish! Finals and summer school got me bummin. I really wanna catch you guys (plastic smiles) and TCC over summer though!
Was it the brownies? lol
#bestestfriendintheworld, I'm going to miss you so much, definitely hanging out together in Paris !!
Dealing with people is most likely the most difficult problem you face, especially if you are in business.
well thank you! that means a lot to us. we really appreciate it! check this out too...music vid! www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Ho'omaika'i 'ana on your new gig! And mahalo for all your hard work with and # thankyourachael
Can we all just agree to fast forward to the Heat/Thunder series?
I need to start a garden.
Have a GRAND night! Still trying to find something for you game. Havent found anything...Yet! Btw that class looks awesome!(:
Kids just love bouncy houses
no guidance. There will be a lot of sailors and pilots in dress uniform though.
don't fret precious i'm here. step away from the window and go back to sleep.
"I can't believe that out of 10,000 sperm, you were the quickest. " ~Steven Pearl lol first laugh of the day
Ginger Willingham is pregnant. I'm shocked. I didn't know Josh Willingham could hit ANYTHING.
Word. Imma try to come see you.
“ I wanna thank all yall for helping me get thru #2011 now let's go #2012”
RT : What's everybody up to tonight? Sim City? Me too.
Both projects posit alternative histories through critical and reparative memorial practices: "connective memory work"
Say I had life-size cutouts of + members made & records playing during my wedding reception, Would people buy it?? 😉😉😊
Thanks for the follow!
Damn it. Too bad the line at Church's chicken was too long.
Text me
I just instinctively tune out all together #sportsproblems”
if you're going to nyc today, shouldn't you be there already?
OK, enough with college students in suits. If you are a sports fan, turn on actual sports --#FlaPanthers #NJDevils now.
In the long run men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, though they should fail immediately, they had better aim at something high.s
it's usually orange Gatorade for me. And orange... Well, yeah.
fasho , i got you
I was thinking the exact same thing! Which #'s do you think would work for guys?! RT : Where is the guy version of this?!
"Security is not a toaster: you can't set it and forget it!" said Symantec's Tillett.
I secretly love getting my teeth cleaned by the dental hygienist....it's like scrubbing the bathroom floor.
Home just in time for #ModernFamily - yes!
I'm good how are you lovely?
Have a box of Kleenex nearby if u'r watching the tv show parenthood!! Good stinkin' night!
Do the ricky bobby , stop ~
The new #gummy background has been approved! #ICS it is - with a touch of
Big time!!!!! Congrats brother! RT : NCAA D2 Salem International University as a full time assistant
Sen. Risser in red beret working the crowd at reclaim Wisconsin rally.
so now you have to start tweeting:)
don't let her get in your head. She cheated and left..not you. Keep your chin up and take care of the girls.
lol u know it would suxkk
Wyclef's not profit YeleHaiti is asking for donation of $5 dollars by texting the word YELE to 501501.
Thursday has to be my favorite album
she only wants to eat lunch. Aw man.
Twitter makes class go by fast
Sitting in empty new apartment waiting for movers
Good luck on your business presentation tonight tonight.
lol hey could I hit you up #
You're gonna win this...just saying. We ALL have faith in you.
I can attest that #TheRealtors were written in tons of different places not just a kitchen table by a woman too
Tonights connection group was really challenging! Love the conversation my sermons spark and how challenging my friends are! #lovemygroup!
Extra crispy, extra saucy
Sent u my new single "Holiday in Oakland"! "Effortless, breezy sweep thru Oakland's influences..her rap is flawless"-Examiner
I would have done the same thing, he's right if it was him showing coochie pics he would have been done, kicked off the show!
Good morning #gentelinda , Lets do this!
I'm mad af!
Back to the craziness that is the ticket line! #sdsu vs.
Did you know ... Wichita State came into today's game at 9th in the nation in shooting percentage?
i knew, i am impressed with ur quest lol that was 4 or 5 interests ago, im thinking red heads or chinese chicks maybe-any suggestions?
My cat reminds me they are large rats every time he brings one home. Yuck!
Curry up is awesome. checked it out recently. Ever considered a marketing video? We're interested in producing, and we're in SF
a man can only do so much :)
Thanks Pete!! Happy holidays to you and your family!!
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
This is hysterical. We are having a full on convo via twitter! If you didn't know me, I could very we'll be a 350lb guy. Yum!
Lesson Officially Learned.
I love the southern guy with the arrow in the walking dead<3 only reason i watch the show anymore
No such thing as a minor lapse of awareness. You’re either present with what is - right here, right now - or you’re someplace else. Ten
Parade on in the background, trying to teach myself to fold paper stars. Happy thanksgiving all!
Another hoosier win!!!!
All this talk about on Twitter about the Supermoon and not a single Uranus joke. Frankly, I'm disappointed in all of you.
please baby <3 follow me....u are my idol,my start and my ispiration
WANT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP that'll change your life? "LUSI.OB"! They have HUGE things in the pipeline!
time to turn my brain off.....somehow
Nice turnout for #Detroit #Startup Drinks at the Old Miami. We rotate days so it will be a Sat morning or Fri evening in May.
Alright Genetics final, it's you & me. Only one of us can survive, and I'm hoping it's going to be me!
Waking up late <<
Question-do we change our own style when we're dating new people to accommodate our partner’s style so that we look like a balanced couple?
The summer has been busy. But the music hasn't stopped.
YO YO YO... or is that ho ho ho ho... not calling you a ho! ha h aha... hey I just got a place in Japan Town... YAY ME!
And they close up and then they just do it again. I know like 6 kids who've done dumb shit like that.
... What a wonderful event. Wish we lived close enough to attend. Enjoy the beautiful art being auctioned!
Obama takes medication for his hip and for keeping his cock hard he can't work that cock anymore
getting ready to lead a training for my fantastic marketing team! Looking forward to seeing everyone!
the only thing I can see in my rearview mirror is me, hahaha.
"So, Green Lantern is in the Avengers, right?" - An adult in the toy aisle at Target, as overheard by yesterday.
how good did I look yesterday going to class?
love it!!! Lol
Steve I'v adopted Soc Media in Bus. Please send desk copy to C Wankel, Mgt, St John's U, 8000 Utopia, Jamaica NY 11439 USA
Just read ANOTHER authoritative sounding "social media consultant" babbling away about keeping Tweets to under 140 WORDS.;-)
That's why you're our girl!! “: Tequila. It's what's for breakfast.”
I'm gonna need your email there, good buddy. Mind DMing it to me?
alright, but #OnTheReal who you like that we had for 6th grade
LOL! "Hey - P.Diddy - how 'bout next year you bring your 'a' game, huh pal?"
you and me both girl. If we refuse to believe it… then it didn't happen right?!
This > I hate it when I promise to do things with my kids and then they remember it. Can't back down on a promise.
Thanks for the retweet. Have a great week :)
Scooby Doo never really told us where he was -.-
mother nature is such a piece of 💩
ugh, I wish I had one!
...a major contribution..." --Donald R. Shaffer, author of After the Glory: The Struggles of Black Civil War
thanks so much! Glad you're enjoying it!! :)
Have a great one!
lol well when you not tired anymore cook for me
David broke my flower... he was just picking it up & then, omg.
Out WSOPC Event 5. Coming back Saturday to play the main event.
Sorry! But I refuse to root for miami. -_- lol
how can I send you inappropriate direct messages if you're not following me back? I guess email could suffice.
I'm glad my daughter has gotten a grasp on this and chosen to really have control and limited the on line usage & totally focus on school 👏
Keratoconus is an abnormal bulging of the cornea of the eye.
glad i got my ticket before the weekend! sold out hella fast!
good...not on twitter much...lets catch up on email: you can find it on my page. = )
Hi Stella! We sent you some info earlier today about our new Chicago-based app, ! Just wanted to see if you got it!
I know because it came from you!
The hate is flowing for right now....so proud! And they said Cleveland let it go.
RT : SPARK IN THE PARK - 4th Sunday of each month! Join us, Please. Original art with themes - See you tomorrow!
Its truly amazing what happens when you let go of all the negativity & drama, your days become so much better & easier
Phaedra is Silly
you killed it on BET the other niqht !
you find a ride I got you
Why is this week going by so slowly?
Another touchdown....green&yellow
so true
is writing a poem that is inspired by painful memories..
Reuniclus, you mute lunatic, you're a genius!.
Coming up tonight on 27 news at ten/sports. We will hear from badger running backs John Clay and James White
yeah I saw that too. smh...only the Browns.
Heat fans that became heat fans when Lebron came <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Openflow! hehe ;-) “: is looking to hire #Linux kernel hackers for high performance networking work. Interested? Ping me.”
Bedtime. Out of pills. Scared I won't sleep. Think good thoughts for me.
Hurray! Two talks accepted at #thatConference! "Erlang, CQRS and .NET (Architectural S'mores)" and "Erlang Goes to Camp!"
I LOVE YOUU : ) Tweet Me , Maybe !?
Three years in Austin and somehow this was my first pancake meal at Kerbey NOT THE LAST. The short stack was glorious overkill.
:Follow back!
Awww, you are so sweet :{). Thanks for everything ♥ Much Love!
The most difficult lessons are the most valuable. Such diamonds are hard, but priceless. Shine them.
algorithms could solve the problem you have, not the one you asked.
We're number 84 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL. www.reverbnation.com/smitty
The hatred is so real and palpable that even writers from our cities are about to rumble! vs
Damn I'm hungry as fuck, ima cook something up
Breathtaking views!
I WANT HIM TO FOLLOW ME PLZZZZZZZZZZZ
We think alot of GT's playmakers this season will be young guys who haven't hit the stage yet. Congrats to Mr. Peters.
Is every girls favorite color purple now? Wtf.
1st floor tix for scissor sisters at HOB already sold out :( womp womp
Damn, the Hawks got rolled...
Hey, Gun People! A question: if you knew that giving up your gun would bring a dead boy back to life, WOULD you? Yes or no.
He'll be a freshman nxt year. Wow he was 6 last time I saw him. #smh at my ddy
We could see a Patriots - Giants Superbowl rematch. Wow, I still have nightmares about the 2007 loss by the
why don't you click your heels three times and go back to Africa.
Finally got the Blade Runner 5-disc Blu Ray. Geek out time!
Live show coming up May 18th in Sacramento at Fox & Goose. Stay tuned for details.
End of the world my @$$! We got studio bookings all day in2 nite!
♥ PEOPLE ..LET'S BEGIN TO EMBRACE THE POWER OF LOVE ♥
You are the BEST!
Everybody unfriends their mother-in-law on Facebook occasionally, right?
awesome! thanks!
me too hehe
Anybody else just throw up a little in their mouth watching the Nelly replay?
The dolphin show at Brookfield zoo was so fucking awesome! I want to be a dolphin trainer now !
At Pequod's - some of the best pie in town.
but what happens to the market when it is made free, via downloading?
Q. What’s the difference between your paycheck and your cock? A. You don’t have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
I feel sorry for Michelle. She's been subjected to a Spike lovefest, & I have no idea if she's a Buffy fan :)
Lol passing notes in class was the texting of the~
Thanks for the follow ! Enjoyed your preso yesterday.
girl you need to suck it up!!!
The Hidden Door Theatre is packed to the gills with Dylan fans!
Valentines day damn near like another christmas
Got a ride home from ❤ love that bitch 👍👍
re: my last tweet... I found it! Wayfaring Stranger. LOVE. Cheers!
my girls & I are thinking of doing #NoLa for #NYE. Got any good acts playing there that weekend?
Steve Newman: can we present this as a community literacy project? This has less baggage/barriers than a DH Center would.
yo sarah farnia told me about you. U print yourself or do u just do designs?
good luck!! Its really hard!!
Overheard : "I'm friends with three dogs on Facebook." (cc )
That looks dope!
Feel better Justin and crew <3
TRAFFIC: SB I90/EB I39: Semi jackknifed on the right shoulder - Out of Traffic. Police on the scene
#cognitivedissonance RT : Duffy: "There is not a correlation between tax rates and revenues coming in to our federal coffers."
Contrast laces need to be added to your shoe collection ASAP
I feel like such a cool cat playing online bingo.
Haha. I will say tongue is great when cooked out of sight and put in tacos for me.
I'll keep an eye out. I know all the good places.
Dear, I love you very much. <3
It's very exciting!!
yeah, that'll be my last option. lol ben worked there and he said he hated it. lol
I DON'T THINK WE'RE IN FRANKSVILLE ANYMORE.When you want to smoke indoors and join a farm cult, we shall move there.
a 260lb. figure skater *smdh* never happen love ;)
YES! I will admit to having a very large crush on him as Aremis. Before he had tiger blood
let's get retarded
when I painted dodgers stadium on a ball, they had me do 5 redos b/c they wanted it to look beautiful- made me wonder...
I didn't change B**** I grew up!
wanna follow us & make that 10,000? (;
nope, show tonight (Brass Rail) - tomorrow 5-10p =)
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
Headed behind-the-scenes at #OpeningDay with the XFINITY Sports Guy tomorrow. Be sure to follow !
the y is yahoo, and the i e is intel. and i think the a with a black circle might be aol.
how can u tell?
I wish I could be an alphamale. :(
I'm not sure if this is an insult, a compliment, or a legit question. And I never heard of the Naked Brothers Band.
#NotThisTime i will not be late 4 this ball
is the most gorgeous guy to ever walk this damn earth. I just adore his smile! <3
Check out The Ruby Room 2nite. Hip Hop, Adult beverages and beautiful women. Nuff said
Those wheelie things are dangerous? Man, remember when Ryan Mallett used one?
Icarnt sleep so I stalk people from , and
I promise to pray for you everyday, ask for your forgiveness, & grant you the same, I promise to be your friend.
Enjoyed hearing and on and John Laurenti on WZLX during my visit to Boston
Dinner for Two goes to fan # 900 ! Tell all your friends, 35 more to go!
Watching my monkeys tonight while my sis goes out spending the night there along wit my babe :*
president carter.
We would like to extend New Years wishes to all of our customers, friends, and family! Here is to a prosperous 2012!
YOU WIN! Plz DM us your full name so we may guestlist you +1 for tonight. xoxo
nothing it's so boring
RT What a crazy show ! Nothing went right, yet it all worked. Thanks ! Thanks again Bro !!!
So anybody know how to reach trombonist Byron Fulcher?
it's in dallas this yr and was last yr...but i can't claim to know anything about "usually" when it comes to accordions...
I'll check it out. If I can, I will.
no I didnt yu should of told her
Tomorrow, I am taking the train to Sacramento to see my grandmother. Looking forward to seeing her, it has been a while.
Perez was very impressive today
my english teacher is gonna be devastated when i tell her that GCB is getting cancelled :(
I've heard similar arguments re: food culture (recipes are also not covered by copyright). Very thought provoking.
Almost flipped when I saw R.I.P Fergie. I love thank god she's okay. <3
Packing up this dorm sucks
A good factoring company is always very interested in what you and your company are doing on a daily basis. Share your progress with them.
"What does the dark side of the moon look like?" "Uh, have you seen Transformers??" ahahahahahaha <33
ok, I see it now! never-the-less, Thank you for your clarity!!
This is a nice pic, btw. Your hair is very well-behaved :)
Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 -3 21+ only
and I have no one. So don't come at me
Hey!wats up!
MIAMI! :) RT : where you going?
ATTENTION Food Truck Gathering at The Baltimore Museum of Industry Friday the 13th from 5-10p Beer, Wine, Music, and Food
Starbucks Soy Green Tea Latte - it's like sweet milky vegetables! YUCK-tastic!!
Am I in trouble now? I don't even know how to hit on women. Lol.
Mcdonalds for breakfast!.
once I waited with bates breath 2 see all the fine tweets,pictures acrylic painted was my main post a dc artist eye bee,buzzy looking a ball
Just got off the phone with Japanese representatives. Proud to announce our newest signee: Eno Mus Wang.
For following me
Less than 24 hours until the official release of the venue & theme of the 87th #DiplomaticBall!
Wow! Episode 14 has been downloaded almost 400 times since it was released yesterday morning!
Padres are down and need your support! Catch the rest of the game at TK wearing your Padres gear and get 25 percent off your bill.
Life is wonderful and full of spice....
I'll call it a night...Lakers piss me off on some bullshit
Great! Looking forward to seeing you all up here. Looks like #ASC12 has been fun!
I'm only in town for one night so let me know if you down to ride
Help me, Boise. Seeking a compassionate dentist w/a good chairside manner. Laughing gas a plus. Esp. Interested in women dentists.
Happy Birthday!
what does that even mean.
Excited to see Toyin in yr top 10 list! She exhibited at SOMArts as part of last year's Murphy & Cadogan awrds
dude, they look so sick!!!
dreamers, you see everything in color while the world is getting darker. love is on it's way.
iTunes just made me re-agree to the terms of service
Just watched my professor counsel a client at her other job. I feel so inspired and reassured I am doing what I love at every experience!
Twitter jail ? I think I'm on that ! FML lol
Motivate - When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are.
Can anyone recommend an awesome Century Bike Ride?
I hate when they show someone on tv with captions at the bottom of the screen when what they're saying is totally understandable.
thats the last time i buy plane tickets when im at work doing 50 other things at the same time. thanks for saving my butt travelocity.
This summer will be amazing. (:
Cant even function.
Anyone else liking the idea of an 18 game NFL schedule
You desire truth deep within me and shall make me understand wisdom in the depths of my heart. -Ps. 51:7
Let's go Caps!
Summer 2012 has officially started
Yay! I think & I will be out there for a visit in early October!
It seems like Seun was giving great answers, I just couldn't understand him well enough to ask followups. Hope I can decipher the tape.
Just got a mother's day text but I have absolutely no idea who it's from
Ok girls, listen up. STOP worshiping Justin Bieber and live life and dedicate your time to ONE DIRECTION :)
My Birthday needs to get closer so I can see Polkaboy in concert! Cool Creek Concert Series
Thank you for the RT! Much appreciated!
See you on the fields tonight domo. PS I think you meant
lol I know you love me but I just love you more but you not believing that is more reductive than Madonna's fake cheerleading
Obligatory Charlie Sheen tweet. Moving on...
We sure do love our members! Happy Valentines Day!
*announcer voice* What a move from james!
Creigton did their best to lose that one
Too many females under-estimate me because imma small guy
Hey! It's Cyber...uh...Tuesday! A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and so will your family & friends!
just got told i was horrid..
Loved finally meeting the adorable and last night! :)
I had a dream about you!
Give us the booty juice! We want the booty juice! -rugrats
but can a tomato eat a tomato?
Fucc its raining
I don't remember Ashley...what did she do?
Excellent hummus at The Hill's cocktail reception. Which makes sense, as it's at the Turkish embassy. Nice bathroom too
On it!
I want to see the avengers so bad !
There are lots of showers & t'storms lurking around #NewMexico & more are coming! I'll have your complete forecast tonight on KOB Channel 4!
seems rather overcast. But cool still.
lol gotta keep the gods happy :P
Ok, it's been 5 days. How many relationships do you all think Modern Warfare 3 has ended?
I want one
lol I guess you're gonna learn to go to the car STRAPPED!!!
I'm Fucking soaked because of this rain...SMDH
today is a full day of masterclasses w/visiting ensemble Juilliard String Quartet - check them out tomorrow @ Shriver Hall!
I wish this laundromat was in my basement lol
Daydreaming about buying a cabin in the Virginia Mountains....Why does a country boy live in the city?
Finally, someone said it. Good for you! I could not agree more.
and if I wasnt at work id come get you lol
So sean parker might own a piece of warner music group in the near future...dont you just love irony.
The Hot Cross Buns are on their second rise. The first time has worked with Cardamon. I'm sure they'll be delicious
All that mankind has done, thought or been: it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books. ~ Thomas Carlyle in "On Heroes,
Fire alarms at post and Hyde. Officers running toward leavenworth on hyde
LOL. That's awesome. I so wish!
can't decide which oscar movies i need to see first...
sleeping is for wimps
apparently the hills are alive!!
Can't wait for the #sexyliberal show to start at the Barrymore.
When & I started a co yrs ago, Ross Levinsohn was great w/time & advice as Board member. Excited to see what he does as Yahoo! CEO
what book?
"diverging diamond" might start overtaking "cluster monkey" as my all-purpose word for swearing-worthy badness.
and in ATX with me:) mission underway.
TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks - Nicnos will be performing live from 10pm to close! Whiskey and beer specials all night! Don't want to miss it!
I thought wrong!
the long 15 second fart that dale does during the interview >>>>>>>>>>> HAHAHAHHAHAHA!
ok - so which masha will show in set 3? any bets?
Gdm up early wit a major hangover, but i had fun last night :-) now wat can i take to right for the day Ugh!
hello my twitters, i made a new twitter page. please follow twitter.com/magikgfx
Tavern on the lakes was nice
how did your sermon go today rev?
I swear!
juss showing my babe some love !!!!!!
Is life worth living? That depends upon the liver. The liver is the housekeeper of the health.
Looks like our friendship is over maybe
RT : Seriously a little angry about this National Grilled Cheese Day on Pesach thing. We invented the sandwich!
Unbelievable how your facial expressions always match your character's moods flawlessly. Pure natural talant.
didnt get a single thing done today.
Some #MIA fans just horrible man so many empty seats at #A with 1:30 left Heat down 7 with ball. I'm sure they're frustrated but come on
Oops! Jeff Bridges on American Masters is NEXT Monday - March 19. We're too excited to wait!
Kobe got benched last night... About time somebody steps up and isn't scared to bench Kobe.. The team went on a 10-0 run with Kobe benched!
me too. even if i dont want to
Found out yesterday that there were tunnels under Texas Tech. Is anyone else feeling a District 13 vibe??
I...THINK I'm going to do my homework now.
And I'm anti-diet, too (because of how they DON'T WORK... just sayin')
thank you lady xoxoxo
Great piece, thanks for sharing! Hope all is well with you. ; )
well well well...look who's back in business!!!
Easter with the family and boyfriend (:
Oh Lover Boy?!... That's right I'm watching 'Dirty Dancing'!! One of my favorite movies & favorite things to do ;) Haha
Hoping this accessibility talk gets technical
Kesha is pretty, get over it.
WE THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS RIGHT NOW !!
Finally saw the vid of Artie Lange on Joe Buck Live and uh... wow. I'm speechless. Don't think the term train wreck describes it justly.
My entire intention is entirely to entice you
Random group of guys bust out in song ... Reminds me of vocal ensemble... Been thinking about that a lot lately. Miss you guys :(
im up way to early!!
Sky8 clocking gusts of 58 mph at ~1200 ft.
All that stress and worry, and it turned out great anyway, again.
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
Thanks Jeremy! We know Jackie will do great!
You can now text-to-give to Christel House! Donate $10 by texting HANDS to 20222. 100% goes to the kids! RT to spread the word!
i need a twitter friend to..so hi
"I'm sure it has already reproduced by now, and there's millions of them in our house!" "That's Chinese people, not spiders." xDDD
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
This kid...
Since the moment I meet u I feel in love .. The kiss u gave make me go in a spell 😍
Just did week 5, day 1 of #c25k with !
Cat's whole story was completely fake. She would has a huge scar if she had not one, but TWO open heart surgeries.
I'll wear my dress flip-flops. RT : But keep flip flops. Business suit and flops ...now THAT'S an office statement!
Spring is almost here. Remember to do your spring dental cleaning!
HALF ROASTED DUCK blueberry demi glace, baby vegetables, seared greens
Good day everyone! FDI Youngevity will be having an upcoming event (Super Saturday and Training this Saturday Oct. 1, 2011 , NC.
Am I being a clingy person, if so...I'm sorry!
#Caps Backstrom on playing under Hunter "I like the way we play"
chea! Luce blue is awesome late night!
the live footage ive seen gives me a good idea of how crazy his shows are
Hey #Alabama - is that supposed to be a Houndstooth-patterned ribbon on the field? What's that about?
": Nobody deserves a ring more than lebron" Forreal after the sorry ass teams he had to cope with those 7 years in Cleveland.
Hey #library folks: is it weird to attend the pre-conference and NOT go to ? Don't know if I can manage both.
R. I. P. Aunt Jane
Steelers...Jets?..
Things Happen For a Reason..
IM SO GLAD IM NOT AN ELEPHANT I WOULD NEVER GIVE BIRTH
Saw Angels Crest on Netflix. Enjoyed it. You played a convincing dad. Sad ending. Would have killed for a blooper reel.
#webwise barry fishman on games: enable a lowered risk of failure, affording "productive failure" as a way of learning
I feel like luongo gets benched once a series anyways
I know I know Haha!
ok, you can order from us :)
So my 2,000th tweet goes out to my bros and Y'all my bros.
MN Governor signs bill to build $975 million #Viking Stadium; target opening 2016. (ESPN)
Thanks for both of these!
Leclerc is a fan of the serial comma. Me too!
Giggles! RT : I was waiting for a Dilla hologram tweet ALL day. Let him rest haha.
not true. Adult actor wasn't on there
What amazes me is that despite their claims, OWS crowd aren't anarchists either. They want MORE govt stuff
is that a threat fucker": Rose are red violets are blue if you don't stop hating !I Kill You !"
it was way easier than anything mrs Monroe has ever given us. Lol so I think I passed
It was the hashtag for a social media bootcamp today with of
#2nd half is where it's at! I smell victory/close out tonight ! #lakernation get ready!
I'm not very fast, but I'm the only one who runs it, so I had no choice.
what the dress code & what time it start.
at work today this little girl said "my mommy hates your #bow" #shitkidssay lol
A great concept is still only a concept. It has to be well executed.
I'm trying not to eat it!! Lol
prices slashed drastically at www.kandizone.com
These little girls I Sware.
Aww what an awesome story babe now go make me a sandwich:)
Successful transfer from bus to DC metro. In a twist, bus riders have more courtesy and less odor than metro riders.
oh! For new years!
I literally cannot feel my mouth and I think I'm drooling too
Congrats to D. Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day'! : "a first choice for public and academic libraries" www.booklistonline.com
Like crazy. Holy shit. Best movie ever.
#AskObama - Is congressional approval of raising the debt ceiling really required under the Constitution?
Hey you when can you get me on the calendar? It's been a while!
your really cute and you sing really good ;)
Anyone have info on what exclusives Capcom is bringing to #wondercon?
Please, specific details--why is it kicking the can down the road?
I think Bashas is hiring, I might apply there :)
We hope the kiddos are excited to see their new toys arrive by motorcade :-)
Props to Andre Iguodala. Stunk from line all year. Came up big from line late in two games.
USA up one-nil on the Italians about 12 minutes left :-)
ugh I'm sorry :( I think all family's have that. atleast i kno mine is
I knew it was going to be a good day! I discovered $17.00 in my coat pocket. Thank you colder weather!
I'm glad I realized my shirt was on backwards before I left the house
TODAY I will not be the last to work and tweet, Facebook, myspace, Gchat and eharmonize my whole shift. I'll be gambling instead.
a new xbox and I bought my dad a bluray player
Leap and the net will appear. Might sound corny but it's also true! Sometimes you have to step out on faith.
I go to AECHS and I'm not a Mexican lol. 😒
got nothing to ask but just gonna say I admire the hell out if you for staying yourself
Takeout & Delivery = more time to sleep! Holler!
What would do for a klondike bar? xD
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pizzeria Mozza - Pizza (live updates)
He will turn 3 next month. “: Nice....getting big brotha.”
Anybody got a direct # 4 Lee Daniels? We want him @ 3rd beyond borders:diversity n Cannes Symposium. we diverse he diverse #nobrainer LOL
i can be manipulated only so many times before even "i love you" starts to sound like a lie.
there you go! Well put!
I let Jack give me shingles.
Love the guesses, more to be revealed soon...
Ready set go! wait... no. Client cancelled. Paperwork here I come.
First day of work = successful
#Blazers get a win against lowly
she definitely put on a great show
mlb front page - Italian sausage has arms tan as a motherfucker like a true italian. but really.
We kept twitter and facebook silence until we could call/tell in person certain relatives/close friends.
lol u never really enjoy it tho cuz u feel so guilty. O well at least I get to catch up on muary
I love things about her...but I don't love her...
Ikr I'm so freaking mad I'm not been conceded or cocky but why leave a pretty girl for an ugly one??? She a major down grade!
THE NEW WEBSITE IS UP AND RUNNING!! PHEW. Be sure to file complaints by clicking the "COMPLAINTS" link located in the body of my WELCOME se…
Advice/ resource to answer-- if you don't traditionally grade anymore, how does your school system handle that?
I got flowers, a massage, and a wonderful dinner with wonderful company tonight :)
I got plenty more facts to prove your lies. I can keep going all day punk. Be a man, stop hiding.
Has anyone sign up on the Ning Network?? Need badges.
How more longer do i got to wait for a boyfriend or girlfriend :c
I can provide crustless sandwiching but a true bro doesn't hate but appreciates crusty style.
I was just thinking that RT : Barbosa is annihilating Chalmers.
LOVED this seminar! Thanks for making it happen.
Drifting thru on an intimate nite; I c your heart and I take flight. Our hearts have both been broken b4 but now it's time to try once more!
Morning good people!
hello! Nothing much...walking through the pouring rain in NYC right now. How is your day?
I don't know why ppl think overt sexuality is appealing. Music videos just seem gross to me.....
My kitten.
"lazy" is such a harsh negative word. Some of us would prefer calling it being convenient lol.
Working my way through the lectures still - need to push through a couple more this week. Really enjoying Objective C so far.
forever ignored by you......
If I threw it at ya wld ya knw hw 2 catch it?
I'm not saying there isn't a bubble, I just don't see it as dire as the 1st tech bubble, maybe I'm being overly optimistic.
Both the textbook and the academic timetable, lie at the root of a growing crisis in management education
Can #Siri tell us if we're going to win?!
I am a Budha Pig. I am Blodwyn.
My kids love School House Rock (circa 1979) & they're learning math and science. We need more cartoons like this on TV today.
Have fun, but be careful.
hey doll face! Baby Jesus misses you!
Aww, oh stop it you! :3 ( wish i could put that picture of that stick figure with the big head blushin) Lol love you<333
What an empowering day this have been. Ladies Tiffany worked hard and it paid off. Great job and I am so glad to have been apart of it.
he enjoys his stodgy demeanor too much. He loves himself just the way he is.
Black and yellow go so good together
What would it take for you to move yourself from the back burner to the front?
This is exactly what my brain thought. RT ew. fergie.
RT : Excited for NASCAR weekend. Going to the race tomorrow with to root for my cuz handles his tires
im sorry betsy!! when i can i will follow you and give you a shout out! i promise!!
From 1927 to 1941, the Yankees won all 8 of the World Series in which they played.
Confession: before I moved to Illinois, I was a Red Sox fan and still am to some degree. Hope we can still be friends.
#Sixers love playing the #celtics...like a gnat at a bbq they just don't go away. Can the C's find a flyswatter in the next 24 like Dec. 9?
jaywalkers should be ticketed as well. I've never heard of someone walking into a car and killing
you won't regret it!!
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!plz
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the #RedSox take game two of series, 7-5 over the #Indians. Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
Agreed. A really refreshing perspective. And I must admit I heckled Gov. Christie for lowering the flag for Whitney.
. We are going at it tonight again!! Are you ready ?? CU 2night @ Mambocafé Dallas !!
No, actually I was srs. What are you going to do (besides check w/ srsly real #s)!
Yes u better make ur grand entrance
I think i'm being followed.. might be just a delirium of persecution)
SHARE!!! Were you doing a booty dance on the bow of a yacht??
#safewayj4u A way to have relevant coupons delivered to you.
Twitter is soo. Much better then facenook! #NoJoke you guys are my family. 143!!!!
Do you know when you'll find out about the contest?
Now following
beautiful barcelona
Just had a 15 minute phone call with about the attitude you need to succeed as an actor. Great motivator, check him out!
Sunday, a day of rest, relaxation and
RT I seem to be better at blogging when my life is going positive. I know someone who is opposite
longest was 7 yeards... good luck
So insidious! I really don't want people to know what I read/bought. RT Huffinton Post does that, it's so annoying!
I am having a keg
#NOTETOLAWRENCE STOP PROCRASTINATING AND DO YOUR PROJECT.
I love you #Nuggets!!!!!! #BeatLA and we did :)
not only do i miss your talent but i miss your energy on the field.Thank you for always playing at ur best.
about to teach social networking class
My mothers day dinner last year was better. Im sorry momma :(
Stop in at the North Liberty Branch on May 5th from 10-1 p.m. for our Booksale in collaboration with the North Liberty town garage sale.
love ya JC but where's the clutch 3??
SWAG SWAG SWAG
My g/f is still bugging me for an autograph from you. We went to the PDX show awhile back and you weren't available. Pls help?
#Random: It's official. Next year I'm going general. I'm done.
here is Bernie's link www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsTVwlNhylY
If you can't handle my worst you ain't gettin' my best
Applications for Camp Challenge '12 are available now! Site coordinators have access! Email for more info
You broke my heart.Now i'm gonna break something of yours ~ Patrick
Current statistics from the American Diabetes Association show that 25.8 million children and adults have diabetes.
Next, Craig Carnelia teaches a master class in acting and musical theater.
that's because zuccarello isn't big enough to knock the net off
Show Friday, July 8 at 10pm -Saturday July 9 at 4am $5 before 11pm, $5 for CANCERS DJ E-STATIC buying Ladies in Red Pumps a drink til 11..
I wonder if Daylight Saving leaves you impaired enough to qualify for a DUI...I'm all yawned out today! Yikes
Happy Cousin Day, North Carolina
Listen to some Whitney!
when did you move to Chicago?
I want some fucking hot wings dude.
Weekend of GLUTTONY
All of these nursing prerequisite courses are making my head spin. Meh!
If you ever wished airbnb was free:
got you bro
Thanks David! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
Sen. Pat Toomey: "I am confident Gov. Romney will...return our country to the conservative principles that make our nation great."
And happy mother's day (if applicable) to you Colleen!
Don't stick your tongue out unless you plan to use it.
"No iPods in school" yeah, like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
LMAO quit reporting and start cheering.
Level 8 is ridiculous! I only know Best Buy!
Wow thank you professor for making every question on that final from chapter 1...aka the one chapter I didn't study much of... -.-
It's a beautiful day at IUPUI. Come to the library and check out a book!
. Thanks for all the super yummy food! There's so much to eat!
In Vegas finding learning our personal strengths - we are one strong team
holy shit that smell when you deflate a football. FFFUUU.
this is the worst thing i have ever heard
Brooklyn Decker flashes her knickers in see-through black lace dress and shows ... - Daily Mail
"Who took the cork out of my lunch?"⁰ W.C. Fields
yeah buddy :( im still playing tho. play with me bro !
OUCH... That was you? I have never been the same since!! J/K
awwe!(: I didn't know that! I love you! :)
considering laura cohen's library 2.0 manifesto this morning, and i would like to add: our responsiveness to change will make or break us.
Lucky !! I wanna go to the mall !
Low blow from the "Woman of Faith"
lmao I already know human anatomy and physiology. I have studied you..
Did you miss out on an hour of listening to #FrankSinatra last night? You can make up for it by hearing his greatest songs performed live!
#SubwayFan? rt if the first thing you thought of was austin. ;)
What does Thursday morning look like for you? I think we need to steal Amber for a coffee date :)
heck ya!
In Perpetuum => To all time
hhmmm depends on the zombie type i feel! Could do, if its a rage zombie, but if its a supernatural zombie im not so sure,
thanks for devirginizing my virgin eyes!
Live your life and take chances.. Don't wait, because now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
The reason Romney's family was in Mexico is they fled the US because of polygamy.
Q6 my document delivery staff deals with copyright everyday to make sure we're paying the C correctly
Come buy some half price theatre tickets from me at Hottix today. 72 E Randolph!
Heading out on a birthday weekend vacation with destination UNKNOWN! Lets see what my gf Michelle has in store for me this time around! ;)
Hope the holidays treated you all well! Now go out and continue to enjoy with $1 drinks with bartab!
why aren't Ark games on XM radio like the other SEC schools? Frustrating for those of us outside of the state.
All I do is work. Hopefully it pays off.
deal and deal. Hopefully next time you're here I will be directing a video for my new fav. Band "IRL Microwaves"
what I'm suggesting is worse: you really need to compare subreddits of all *institutions* in SF to compare size to your school
Do you have dysfunctional movement patterns keeping you from being injury free? Ibuprofen will not correct your movement problems.
Warm me up with your lips. Heart to heart, melt me down. It's too cold in this town.
Then gear up for my move in June/July. ;)
Maid of Honours, how about treating your Bride to a day of pampering with a relaxing Thai massage, facial and hair & makeup.
because its so obvious ikno and he knows and especially when you him then tweet about it
Hey gang!! We'll be rockin' First Thursday on South Congress tonight with all our threads. Come check us out! smashtagconcepts.com
- According to the article, it's about both.
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability for an event on Sunday 8.15.10. Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.693.8452.
I have you as my wallpaper. Muah sho hot!.
me too.. I need a vacation (in my Jeezy voice) lol
happy tuesday everyone!!! its a good day for shoppin!!!
": Monkeys Honor Roll! Monkeys Honor Roll!" I laugh every time.
Can't believe Whitney Houston is gone
Thanks for sharing my post! :)
I absolutely enjoy it when my friends meet people they adore and look up to :) it makes me so happy for them!!! :)
I KNEW IT!! They're ALL walkers just waiting to die!
#NowPlaying Goldfinger – Here In Your Bedroom on
I don't really care Wat your opinion is or anybody elses ..imma do me 24 hours a day n 7 days a week
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
Thank you so much for watching #HartOfDixie <3 I use Nuetrogena and Lancome! They're great products for sensitive skin!
Feeling blessed
Tracy told me to tell u were at applebees
MT has just been in a meeting at House of Lords. Also sat in on live Lords debate on the Education Bill. What an inspiring place.
for some reason it is not showing as an option in the browser and is greyed out in the Twitter App - can you try to DM me pls?
Just take me away from all that I am.
Farewell, Minneapolis/St. Paul...
In the car still driving to Florida!!xP
she anserd me and she sed no and so i sed u sure and she just ignored me, so i had to go to thebathroom wit ice on (c)
We learn to know things, to do things, & to be things. We mostly want our students to become something.
maybe its Because she doesnt know the answer and want to get to know you better
Have Qpons when you need them most- when you are nearby or looking for something. www.qponomics.com. FREE download to your smartphone!
Geometry Is For Squares... See what I did there? :-)
Ugh, I'm going to be here all damn day!
": Lean wit it!"[Rock Wit It] Shout Outs 2 MeekMill
Who would love if me and madison went out?!...nobody
Lol PENIS! xD my funny friend is addicted to it lmao
Our site is back up & running folks! Get your fancy on
Ooh, it's the birthday of ? John, I hope you have a tremendously happy birthday!
As we find harmony in our hectic lives we will develop renewed energy to hold securely those things that matter most. Jim Woods
Hey friends! Hope you all are available to come to the show this Friday with phynx at the vinyl! Gonna be a rocking good time..
anyone need tickets to the vegas show this summer?
More like the complete opposite.
Leo Roudys shared the challenges of optimizing the reverse flow of products & ewaste How 2 motivate consumers?
Were always accepting sponsorship applications!
The next two weekends are going to be pretty awesome.
guess who's taking y'all out after service.. This guy lol
Today's closing session features panelists from & Are you attending?
": A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga."
Attention Chicago Tribune employees: The cafeteria is out of coffee, so they just sold me a large Americano for $1. Happy valentine's day
75% of access of her district's databases came after school, on holidays and weekends.
wheres the money in the bank match?
Thank you and "An Evening with the Arts" was awesome event! All of your hard work really paid off! Thanks :-)
thanks lady! Enjoy the weekend!
AHAHAHA. Please take a picture that you deem beautiful so that you can inspire me to study harder. xoxoxo
“: i miss you too” Um who the fuck are you? ..
You know I still can't believe we both did some things I don't even wanna think about.
you think he will? He's been struggling as of late but I think he will be good.
#facebook.com/JOJOPLANSONEATINGHEALTHIER9528#join me
who was the presenter? Sounds interesting
Looking for something fun for the family on this rainy day? Come create up-cycled art at the DCCA till 3 pm! FREE
Great presentation by Anders Gronstedt in Mile High 2/3 Ballroom level at
I watch king of queens everyday on tbs. Thank you for making such a funny show that makes me laugh over and over
yay ems! now we're also twitterererrd! how are you sweet?
Hey Y'all! Gettin' Ma Southern Accent On!
I love that you are tweeting :))! Have fun in Ireland. We miss you guys and want to see you soon!
Opening show for Zanna Don't! is this Friday, March 9th! Zanna Don't Miss Out!
Better offense RT I knew losing Strickland would not hurt better 2 guard play!!!
Thank you for an amazing time last night
omg! Now I feel awful! I just found stamps today and I was thinking about how I had to write you!!
Quiz night starts at 8PM, get here really and get a good spot for you and all your friends. 's imperial pints are $2 off!
Tune in to The View today for airing of yesterday's visit from Barack #Obama. I heard he talks about JPMorgan &need for financial regulation
“: People just don't say YOLO enough.”
Need 4k for it. Listed at $4500.
12oz of a typical American pale lager has fewer calories than 2 percent milk or apple juice.. Get down here if you know what's good for you!
Where The Clipper/Cp3 Fans
boy howdy!
I sent you it on YouTube
Luckily I was recording. Wow -- he was fantastic. And that jacket was spectacular too!
Eating Chilli & Fries, food not good.
Up next on the TJMS: Wendy Williams!!
Hey you. I called you
Quote: "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." Anais Nin
material shit is really becoming less and less important to me. try not spending the money you make on yourself for a CHANGE
What did I forget? 2&1/2 days to student move in and I get to leave on time. Net results: Happy wife and dog. Cats just say "feed us".
shark week.
Alright, it's official. You are the coolest dude in the cosmos.
You can go to school for years but the only things you remember are the things you constantly live and use.
My money's on making it into the Top 10 plays on tonight. We know ESPN have enough replays.
“: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.”
Thank you sir!
Something tells me you're not in Manhattan...
Too bad if it's not paid by Friday she loses all her classes - which will totally be her fault, no theirs. FRUSTRATED.
oh you just made a deal son! :-)
Music is the key to his/her heart. Put a playlist together of romantic instrumentals - set the mood w/o distracting.
Alot of people in my life have been letting me down lately 😔
Yes indeed! RT : Pets make a house a home and a family, complete.
agreed, we don't only need a kickstarter, we need the #scifund way with public engagement at the heart of it
#asmp members. contact your National Board members meeting in Vegas this weekend. Don't be a complainer, let them know your ideas.
Yes! RT : First hardcover copies of Queen of America are arriving today! Can you believe it? It's gonna be pretty.
From the bottom to the top I got it!!!!
Ground coriander is the dried seed of the cilantro plant crushed up
I wish I got naptime at school
4/16/1756->J. Robinson:I have made bold, Sir, to offer my opinion freely...
gud luck cuzzo.hope u get tht job i feel tht all coons need jobs out dere
Almonds are rich in zinc, selenium and vitamin E which are important for sexual health and reproduction. In Bulk as Raw, Dry Rstd. & Tamari!
Book Of Love-Peter Gabriel
get off bish
I'm doing great - I've been buried by work lately, but it's all good. How about you?
i have no comment for you
i know fool, tell her to get up! Jkayz
I'm very awkwardly sunburned.
oh thank goodness! :)
You repeat yourself!
When Austin posted the subway song!! Ahh
RT : RT Looking forward to hearing from at #smss12 in about 15 minutes!
Fight night!! #UFC145 let's go J.Jones!
Sir: Saw yr "Skeet/AfricaSafari" skit recently. Laughed so hard I almost skeeted on couch! Thanks 4the laugh therapy!!
If there was ever a time i needed a SERIOUS pep talk to ever pick up a pen and white another rhyme it's now!!
Today is my Friday. But it's also my Thursday. So I have two days of work to do in one...
hell yeah!
I'm not a morning person
Big Plans Next Week !! God's is working things out !!
👉👉👉 if this ain't true RT : We can talk money, but why? Half you so called hustlers still live with your parents.
I miss you!!!
Might do some renovations ..
Live music at Varsity Bar! Tonight, Marshall Hood, Jansen Hawkins and Mike Dubose. $5 cover, music starts at 6pm.
Pulling in the lead in my #twitterwar with #followme and at the end of Feb he will have to donate to ! Please Share!
Bro Follow Us, We have a track we would like to share with you when you have some time
I'm ok just getting ready for work
What's the book? Looks like Gregory Crewdson photography.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
I FINALLY GOT TO HUG MY MOM FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THREE FREAKING YEARS OMGOMG
Been chilling how you doing?!?!
So I can kill all the fleas. Ended up at the store for spray, powder and liguid treatments... Took the day and cleaned and fumigated.
Only 5 days left until the $100 Botox/Juvederm rebate offer ends. Email or call us 866-738-3256.
#yougetpointsif you like me in a baseball cap
We use photo images only. :)
Omg stop it Cat!Lol another nickname!Im not.I do model but lol!:] U are prob flawless and gorgeous!
OK #Paranormalactivity3... WASN'T scary! The ending was kinda lame. I like the way the movie was shot.. looks realistic, somewhat convincing
omg, concert's on Thursday!!! :O :D
I wonder what Jason Voorhees' choice of drink is...even a villain has to enjoy a relaxing cocktail every now and then!
Coffee at 7:30PM to combat jetlag- either my smartest move today, or my dumbest... If I'm tweeting at 2AM, you'll know which!
Bad b*tches like me is hard to come by...
Loving might be a mistake but its worth making.
an elegant way to work Harden into the starting lineup.
Watching Walking Tall and your a pretty darn good actor Mr Knoxville great job!
Here's a fun fashion tip ladies: Not only do Cubs shirts clash with everything, they also make you look less attractive
The whole nation would have been drunk of their asses all week if we start that game last week.
Has anyone signed Kellen Moore as a FA Yet,There are some better guys out there,Stapelton wont make it,why bring a body in
Y'all, the NSAI #TinPanSouth t-shirts are pretty dern sweet! -LA
NYC Mountbattens are volunteering at the Wallace Award Dinner tonight in support of the American Scottish Foundation.
The NHL is facing a "mom" problem. I hear more and more how moms don't want their kids concussed by the headshots like these
I really hate to know how you know that Will
so tired
yeah. You should do that.
Meanwhile, Nirvana is covered on 'The Voice' and so my early teenage years are stabbed in the heart
Rumor has it you're tapping Queen of Tarts tomorrow afternoon.
Good to hear! Please let us know if there is anything we can help with.
House is finally quiet. Nice!
Fred you're all grown up now ; ]
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please?
driving :-). Talk soon.
Iova: Do you want to go Ice Skating today? Riordan: No Aoife: No. The ice is too slipery.
literally like can he be my bestfriend
Join us for Fat Tuesday!!! Featuring The High Kings. Doors at 8:30pm. $27 cover! Tickets available at showclix.com
I've met Bubba and he was great to me and had great conversation with me!
I've never done a speech in front of so many people before..
On the road!
Ohh you sucked him up? How did my vagina taste bitch(:
WE want to see a picture of your Pinkberry! Stop by and tweet us a pic!
No, your just a Legend... a Living Legend.
wow. You ran that!! Seen it on tv!! :)
WOW thanks for all the support on you tube / all most 2000 subscribers <3 Kellie
Thank you!!!! :) We had originally planned for April of 2013...but talked to r pastor & decided we needed to do it now! :)
i wanna take a nap!
I love more than I love butthol
you have your wrestlemania plans set?
One of your tweets mentioned Seinfeld. One of my alltime fave shows!
Thanks for the shoes! Who the fuck are you again?
I'm followin every Nick n Disney star I idolize......YES
Just living everyday like it might be my last
San Antonio: Rain/storm chances with plenty of moisture and a few upper disturbances. Today: M/cloudy, 30% of t-storms, few severe. high 80.
good for stress relief.
lol, yeah I'm just kidding, Im not at the show. I'm crying becuz the Bulls just lost
oh I loved that place :) just went there a couple months ago. Have fun! :)
haha, well, you're the sign right before me. :) And me, too, although I didn't really watch the Ivory Coast until the '10 Cup
I keep thinking it's Wednesday. This does not bode well for the rest of the week.
Why does it seem like all Brits like the game Scrabble? I suck at it, but I can't spell to save my life (thanks google).
Actually a pretty good crowd so far
mom just casually asked me what your code number to your phone is
Me and Christy tried to go on an adventure and it didnt work becasue this place is scary at night.. lol so we went to the movies
agreed“: Very painful after how they played last night. “: This is painful! 13-12 Holy Family at half.”
I felt a great disturbance in the 4th, as if millions of voices suddently cried out in terror and suddently silenced.
RT : Congress extended #UI benefits and the payroll tax cut - Let your members know your thoughts on how they voted:...
thanks Ruben! Today was awesome!!!
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this & add that we need more followers please. That would help greatly
Still waiting for Nadal's character to be questioned by the press or all this whining.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-07
That's why he's here in spirits.
i DM'ed you
Ah prom is next week!
Looks like the Heat will Waltz to the finals through a battered East
prob just include bit of cataloging, because occasional change collection codes, etc.
HAHA looking quite handsome there :-)
he does have a horrible sense Of humor (but thinks he's hilarious)
Lol you living that YOLO lifestyle I see!
if he really cared, he would text me back when he was with his best bro. smfh!!
New Mexico's horse-racing industry, condemned as the most unsafe in the U.S., has accepted a proposal for reform—more oversight, penalties.
Two more days before 's album #UNBROKEN comes out.... Please hurry up and get here, Tuesday.
That's neat! All there stuff is so cute! :D I'm totally going to be looking through there whole site. Thanks so much again! 😊
Christians stop holding on to a #bible that was inspired by god and written by man by putting his views into words it's sad I wonder
>News Text Cash Network( New Company Listing ) Text Cash Network, Inc. "TCN", based in Boca Raton, Florida, offers mobile marketing and b
Saying, "I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the House.
it was good, busy! My sis wedding is this weekend and she graduated this past weekend. How was yours?
wtf follow me
the transfusion lab & the flower lab that we did .
We are looking for a public relations/social media-minded intern to begin in March! A knowledge of farming is a plus! Please RT.
#adbowl commercials are little too harsh
Hm, so I got basically everything I wanted :)?
over 200 breweries
ppl blaming Republicans for the dispicable terrorist-like act that happened in AZ, is just like ppl blaming Ozzy or Manson for teen suicides
Will be watching for it!
thanks 4 considering us!
only a slow person would spell 'slow' wrong.
Making stuff is the killer app.
I'm in, , for #WWS. Thanks for the discount for early reg. It's SO the one I've been drooling for.
nope. All done.
Yeah, okay, the Avengers looks amazing.
So sick of music shows like #Glee #TheVoice #AmericanIdol #Smash -the same horrible voices singing the same horrible songs. URGH PLEASE DIE.
HE IS MY FATHER!
Immigrant justice clinic students at the National Press Club getting ready to release collaborative report examining DC Language Access Act
un huh! Smh don't make me have to come in there!
Sarah Drew (aka April) on #Greys could totally play Ana in the screen version of #50Shades. Although Alexis Bledel would be better.
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult
I'm gonna get one of them and some sweat pants and ride the bus.
still watching animal planet, lol, it's my favorite channel.
There are few things better in life than seeing the #Cubs implode! Go #Cardinals!
Cant wait till i get my new snapbacks
Marley documentary, required viewing.
you and your sister are so talented!! Keep dancing; you both are going to go far :) I hope I get to meet you one day!!
I like your work! When you guys get too big to be doing everything on those C&P's, look me up! Follow me too!
Who has shoe recommendations? I need a cross-trainer and running shoes. #Brooks ? #Asics ? #UnderArmor?
you give us the feeling to want to travel...
time to get motivated for work. 3 cups of coffee and counting....
Our first show at the in almost a year is tonight. Music starts at 6. See you guys there. Bring your mom.
Waffriday? Anyone? Does that even make sense?
totally just saw what you're talkin about
While college students can provide ABA therapy under the supervision of a BCBA, they are not qualified to develop comprehensive ABA programs
nice piece about love. completely resonates with my life experience.
Make some NOISE for Kristen and the Noise! Tonight
Big exciting news this thursday
Daughter & I @ del mar horse races 1st time ever. So exciting!!! 1st race-horses lining up. Wow!!
You hate drama? Cool. Then stop starting it.
He got a god as personality (:
s/o to all my new followers...
I haven't tossed mine out yet...can't bear to and they're still technically wearable, just not on rainy days.
What is the ratio of protesters: media: police ?
On set of about to shoot more episodes!
Excellent! Have a blessed day. ^staff
Share the Gospel as if lives depend on it.....
Easy...burger king RT : draft day is soon and I'm mock draft out! Lets do Meatsauce mocks of best fast food fries
workin' at the Beinecke! I start June 1. So incredibly excited!!!
I'm not sure about the weather today.. but I'm feelin' like wearing a tank top w/ jeans
Off work headed to class
I am totally secure with my above average size penis....
Happy Friday! Getting ready to paint gorgeous faces today~
Young hearts, Run free. ✌
"Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? Youdon't want to press your luck." Keep rockin'! Happy St. Patrick's Day! ;)
Ahh. I really like Garrison after showing an offensive side to his game this year. Like Kulikov all around. too.
Western Sydney cares about global warming. Rising sea levels bring the boats closer.
yup yup yup!!!!
Really, the boozed-up crowd at the event is pretty funny, for now.
inclusion is something you do not something you proclaim
I want to text you but I feel like I'm annoying you, so I'm sorry if you want to talk, you should text me first if you do now.
Ron Artest is one of them niggas u want w/ u when some shxt pop off
Now u can stand around & feel sorry for yourself when a wife of 3 decades leaves you,or u can get up & take ur life to quantum higer levels
We are all a product of our past choices. Therefore, if we choose differently we will be different.
Coco Fusco's video 'la plaza vacia' -powerful commentary on pubic space and freedom of speech in cuba,
Not a goaltender on Earth is stopping that shot.
Still doesn't follow me! What's up with that!? D:
I love this short story. I thought I the only one. Thank you thank you
I've heard the song "dead or alive" literally 3 times today. And I love it
I need to buy my fellow white boys an Asian broom and show them how to sweep on a whole new level.
thats good u should do the same
Look at me I'm tweeting WOW
excited to see my friends to help me early celebrate my bday !..
Hilarious interview of on tonight.
they wouldn't be wrong...
Sold a painting to a collector from China? This is a big day!! One let up for we artists. Maybe the economy is inching back. I'm ready!
Talk about lowering your standards kiddo
sorry it's taking me so long to Welcome you to Titletown! Stoked to have you!
is that really a stat? how does it work?
RT QUOTE OF THE DAY: “The secret to living the life of your dreams is to start living the life of your dreams today...
think this one of my favorite featured avi models good job!!
Wait, Beyonce named her baby Blue? You'd think such a smart and successful couple could come up with something less primary. Like Cyan.
he's eating tommy's. Mike graduates in June, from there who knows! Move to the bus, he needs a friend.
nobody is ready for that!!!
are we going to be seeing you downtown this weekend?
HES GOT THE HAMMER AGAIN YA BITCH
About to eat my first , lunch special. What's your fav deep dish pizza place?
hey didn't i tell u i can make u laugh
Ehh, would be difficult for me even. If I was going, I could try something, but committed to birthday plans with the wife :)
Kathy Lee is wildly inappropriate.
I can't say I'm surprised. : #JenniferHudson family murder trial update: Judge says no more cell phones in court starting tomorrow.
Me and jamming the fuck out in the studio
Thanks for the whole support!
We will be working with anybody that works in the music industry. If you're a designer, booking agent, recording studio, etc. Message us!
Julie!!! I need you, man! Mine has gone blue screen twice today :( Not blue screen of death, just shuts down.
difference of opinion lol
Idea: a mummy walk flashmob.
Tweeting at work because I'm just that hard of a worker ba #longday !
awwwh! ): Don't give up, he'll follow you one of these days<3
I agree. Can't figure out why he is in charge of the mens team. Drives me carzy. Why do they listen to him ?
Who cares if the didn't make the playoffs? Working hard and playing hard is what it's all about.
Give your family the gift they really need — Cleaner carpet and cleaner air!
good to see you and the family - keep me posted on Nats Yanks!
Btw y'all, looking for some great sounding tangle-free earbuds, any recommendations would be mucho appreciated!
Sounds good. Thanks. It'll be great to meet more folks. Do you workout at all or just make sure to eat healthy?
I'll be Dj'ing today at Synergy Fitness, come down
What's more surprising: Chip to TB or the fact Michael Berk broke the story?
I thought I saw Zac Efron 3 different times today. Get it together, men. You look like young girls.
#sanchez Lots of text on that yellow box slide. Use white text on red like you do later. Check Lowell pronunciation.LO-ELLE
If your gonna be skinny, Hit the gym,let it be an Athletic skinny. Don't look like you starving an talking bout you running shit...
It's only Tuesday.....
Listeningg to old songs like Let Me Love You By Mario && MJ Songs Bring Back So Much Good Memoriess!!! <3
Made it Brownsville early this morning! Excited to worship with you guys tonight!
Happy gay day!
Fuck'em all we got this!!! RT : I feel sorry fa myself n da otha single mothers dat gota do it on their own
Dropped a dumpster @ Memorial City today. Headed to downtown Houston to pick up the dumpster we delivered yesterday! Do you need a dumpster?
Bin Laden is dead, GM is alive.
Two tweets in one screen about word counts. What are the odds?
Watch the BH Staff as they live tweet while shelving the poetry section. Soon the Top Ten Verses Found by Accident will start!
instead of pushing for games close to home, he'd rather make fans travel across the country to watch in his precious rose bowl?
And a good reason not base public policy on the Bible.For instance,I enjoy shrimp tacos and cheeseburgers. Abominations both
lottery spot, 46th and 2nd: cbs 2 news crew, people shoving, soup nazi-esque clerk, a sad old woman spending 'my last $300' on instapicks.
" A person who is not weaker than his weakness is the actual man of success."
websites on websites on website
Things Hamilton people say..lol
Thank you so much for the shout out, Vicki!!! :D Go #DC and #EtsyCREST AND for also being featured!! :D
Girl when you wake I'm going to be your hang over
we are trending Happy Birthday Emmazing Watson and #WatsonDay. Please RT and tweet them for our flawless Emma.
/ oprah the show was great, give some advice on being a successful coe visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Born Villain? It's fucking amazing. I love it. Definitely worth your money. Manson is so talented.
Find a 3D printer outfit. I'm assuming that they are working on the prototype/demo and not the finished product.
IndianapolisGigs (BydIndianapolis) thanks for the follow.
I wish I had dora's parents they let that bitch go anywhere
Friday, maybe? I end June 8th but have regents and finals until the 21st :/ you?
GOODNIGHT world!!!^___^
And the instructor finally arrives! Starting one hour late, FTW!
It was a dark and stormy day. BIG storm rolling into
nice to see after he whiffed on that block on the last drive.
If im taking pictures for a band at the SA show how do I get photo credentials?
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
is blowing up. Must follow #Packers fans.
Eh I wasn't really feeling today at all so I'm gonna sleep until it's tomorrow
your welcome young lady!
ha that is awesome! At least you're manly enough to admit.
not as funny as when I actually say "HI JOIE"
“: not really Conrad's fault that the Crew have been shut down by Suppan/Batista in the span of 2 weeks." - very true
Congrats on defying on the odds and becoming only the fourth champion to survive the elimination chamber...
Got out of class an hour early! Heck yeah!
(FACT) The first inter-league game was played on June 12, 1997 the Texas Rangers hosted the San Francisco Giants
got an ipad yesterday!
It is what it is.
Thanks babe ;)
I have a feeling that the release "party" will last longer than just a single Party!!!
yeah - very cool of to offer a bit on you and Go team!!
um yeah it is
Just saw matt Saracen at the farmers market. Josh and I both got a little moony-eyed. It's the qb!!!
I am going to Everest in April. Would love to check out your movie and here some tips for the trek.
As would say, "or you want to form an anti-pussy zone around your body."
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling
thanks for RTing my tip. Hope you are enjoying this holiday season.
If brings back David I will be so happy. Please bring him back!
2010 Summer City Smell Review: KC, Austin, NYC, Philli - Prairie & Asphalt, Antique Stores & Cactus, Urine & Street Meat, Rain
Do you take Boniva? We have vouchers for 1 FREE Month of Boniva!
Not really feeling tomorrow but I mean who is?
no I really don't .
(c) May 12th at Noon First 400 to buy tickets get a Meet & Greet
It is MORE than a true story. It's a true story that I get to write.
is at the game Ahh #Come on united
Good morning ♥
I have a great passion for living in the Burgh!
Did you see "The Avengers" this weekend? What did you think?
I just found out that five of my good friends like Ed Sheeran. Are you serious bro...why the fuck am I not at that concert
Regular straws or bubble tea straws? I mean, that's a pretty big difference.
what type of coockie did you eat
Every other day I sit and wait for the same bad news Can you hear me say I've got nothing left to lose?
Ladies, if he only wants your breast thighs and legs send him to KFC. (;
We Are Proud Of Gaga
pretty accurate guess!
Last Laura Of Miami Rotation on WVUM starting now. Keep in touch at Vamos a La Playa | Laura (of Miami) mama loves ya
YO LIFESTYLE SAD
Angels sign C.J. Wilson for 5 years $77.5 Million
i registered with twitter & got district 12 but i didn't have a #/job...& i tried to connect facebook but my district changed?
#BackWhenIWasAKid I used to think that growing up would take forever.
Summer has come early!
Looks like Hopslam is now on tap
RT : Just a note to #highered - your students are your ROI - Rare, Odd & Interesting. Remember that.
happy pi day everyone!!!!!!! make sure to make that pie!
the debate was summed up in one word. NO!
The 4 P's no long work; we need to focus on the new "P's": problem, pattern, path, proof.
Some pretty epic music last night with Video pending.
trying twitter again
& : thnx for following #lifevineworks and what we do 4 youth!
#notetoself don't take add meds before a massage appt. Couldn't fully relax
Laugh it up, drink it up, eat it up, go home beat it up and fall asleep! te quiero familia... Make it happen in 2012!!! All the best!!!
I love this online fabric store! Affordable and so many choices.
Being curious is one thing, being nosey is another. Your neighbors should not pester the movers for deets on comings/goings.
“: you don't text me.. i understand.. you don't call me.. i understand.. when i move on you better understand” :(((((( babe
It's lunch time and my computer is getting fixed. What am I doing? Going to Makes me think of
Very powerful steak at hugo's in chicago. i put it on your tab.
i had a good day was at the bustop with my girls GG, ,and then when i got home my bf came over was soo happy
and... played us back-to-back along w/ Great Company - DC's own. What a blessing!
Nice day on the set of game over The kids had a great time Thanks Guys It was Awesome
Off to school to show off my new SEXAY smile!!!!
Please follow me !
"Professionals SORT, amateurs SELL"
I don't like to be presumptuous but it's lunch time so I'm going to make a sandwich.
I love the #Reds like I love #UK and this game is killing me. Sean Marshall is not the guy I want closing, ever
Hi there - we're not affected by the power outage. Sorry! :) Classes should all still be on.
Lucky dog!! We are stuck in a truck stop in Atlanta, GA. I would kill for gravy & biscuits. All that's here is a Wendys.
why does every body hate Chris? Chris is a chill guy
At the gym getting it in
School, game, then with for the rest of the night. :)
Feeling stirred up for what God is about to do in Crawfordsville tonight!
#nowplaying apocalyptica I'm not Jesus
To succeed in life, succeed in BEING YOURSELF! Live your own life on your terms according to your heart's deepest longings...
wait, when are you posting it?(:
do you have an in at Zella's? Someone we can chat with?
RT : BE the change you wish to see in the world. ~ Gandhi ☿
if you have a Mac try Echofon.
I don't think it works that way
Media ladies #FF! (looking forward to chatting tomorrow!)
Just wanna watch some baseball
Very cool cloud pic. I see airplane shapes (I see airplane shapes in everything).
Sweet vermouth on the rocks with a twist. That's my favorite drink. Mine too! Too early for flapjacks? That about sums it up.
Stoked for show tonight down in the springs with t-shirts for tomorrow and forever the sickest kids!!!
": they gave us more cd's of our last photoshoot" oh god ... ew.
Mavs-Suns tonight in PHX. It's always fun when Dirk and Nash get together. 9:30 p.m. on TNT. Don't miss it.
Entertaining a guest from NY. Short list of food/drink to showcase for SD? Right now at showcasing
Craving some delicious sushi? Go to Kiku Japanese Restaurant and make sure to bring you student ID to receive a 40-50% discount!
and they need the experience (which you get in 10 fold at a startup)! It makes the startup ecosystem go round.
hii allie! its natt! Please tell Nick I said happybirthdayy and I hope to see him again! Xoxo
I'm disgusted at #Portland cop #Frashour being hired. Racist piece of shit. C'mon Portland, let's make them feel our rage.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.-Winston Churchill
Drake concert in 9 hours. ❤ iv been waiting for this day! (:
Had a wonderful time seeing old friends & making new ones at
fun fact: section break (next page) is what allows you in page numbering to change from i, ii, i to 1, 2, 3 format b/t intro and actual ch
I love my science class. We were screaming so loud today cuz we got homework.. lmfao everyone heard us. #OnlyUs. <3
We all see things differently.
I hope you're having fun in Nashville! Loved working with you!
Got it!
you are now I see thanks for the Follow
it's chill, you know I fit in, where I get in.. Lol how's thieveland treating ya?
he located the red headed woman he had married in philadelphia
Don't follow me if your just gonna unfollow later.
I need to step up my tattoo game on the real :o
~ Thanks SO much Chris!!! God bless my friend :)
procrastination at its best
thank you for the #ShoutsBack Ray :D #verycool ! ~~~~rich
Our website is up and running again.
I haven't been the airport. x.x;; I've lived here ten years and haven't been to the airport lol.
let's hangout. Hilton 4th floor. Library wins!
oh em gee it was! So sinfully delicious. And so much alcohol lol
This shit I'm smoking tho some damn fruit
Regents cancel meeting scheduled for UCSF 11/15 based on terrorist logic and claims of "rogue elements" looming.
Ben & Jerry's in general :) Girls know!
I used to respect wade. But he admits to taking the backseat to prince James. Chalmers, Haslem, Bosh, Battier. Fuck them.
so so so much respect for after the scale inciddent
That's why we all must walk in humility and the love of Christ. Love u sis stay n touch
Hi Les - Thanks for the follow. Best of luck.
Bonnie's voice puts Alicia to shame. Just my opinion.
you better not have broken your damn leg!
Sergio Rey: Can you assume static neighborhood boundaries in urban areas over the decades? Probably not, because neighborhoods shift/merge.
indeed! Say when!
Eating oreos and studying for my weight training final...
Come stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade as part of Colts Fan Appreciation day at
i miss Christmas but i will always have memories
So hard..that's hot haha. No, it was a lot of fun, I was happy with how it went, I like Joe.
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.
radio on outside, ribs in the smoker, cold beer - something needs to balance all that out.
Before questioning my belief that Hawks must trade Kane, read the Deadspin,com Drunk Kane stuff.
yay Go Brewers!!
Brent Vest in court 2day.His prison sentence for killing his wife is 60 yrs,but he's asking to get out early. He'll be BACK in court Friday.
could be worse. You could be arguing with a 5 year old about going to bed when you have to be up at 2am....
I woked up and I started screaming fuck the world
Denis Waitley: You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
:) Thanks Jenna! Have a good weekend!!!! Ps. we figured out the computer stuff, you had $45 in referral credits!! woo hoo!
OMG! all the belieber's should have their own belieber symbol. best idea ever♥
Rock beats paper and scissors when you're a crackhead
roswell is on netflix! OMG! But first Tron.
It is more of a challenge for #ChuckNorris to kill something with a gun than with his bare hands.
wow!! I just saw pics from Elton John's after party and I must say you look amaze!!! <3 the fashion police
awww! yeah i've been on twitter all day and my fingers are soo tired! :p
I just saw Kris Humphries grab a rebound and slam it home. Trying to think of a way to make that an analogy on his life. Hm....
#Kobe 2nd greatest of all time.
I'm watching Glee right now lolz
...there are certain experiences you share with someone that should NEVER be shared with anyone else under ANY circumstances... lock & key!
Off work now. Talk about a gorgeous day. Headed to Directors park to write and relax for a bit. What is everybody doing tonight?
Went to a great concert this weekend! Can't wait until the next one!
We had two great photography shoots at our studio this weekend. One staring a member of a major Las Vegas Show. That was fun!
has one more pair of tickets to see win them around 5:30!
Thanks Nanette I appreciate it.
- the best shows out there! I'll be busy acquiring tomorrow...
hey! U are who came up to me and asked was a Bre friend?
Save the date: Our next #DASER is on Thursday, May 24 at 6 p.m. at the Keck Center, 500 Fifth St., N.W. More info is coming soon!
Only 4th? Would have thought closer to 1st.
no, but I've said it to myself... zoom with your feet.
ah amazing win #NYR #shutout! Who are the devils anyway 😜
The Young Bucks take on the Northstar Express in tag team action.
I can't stand people who eat food like a cow. Just the noise, Ew.
Yes yes it has been a Disgrace
M wondering if I can get some pointers on this cornbeef I'm bout to prepare
3 million new jobs in 22 months? No clapping, Boehner? Well, at least he's wearing a blue tie. #postpartisanship?
Shop to support the arts! If you're in the Mukwonago area this Saturday or Sunday, stop by 121 Lincoln!! Proceeds go to Pink Banana Theatre.
Marty is retarded,
Bell House. Cheryl. Brooklyn. Big Room Bigger Vibe. Text me for list.
Just made an omlet with eggs from our chickens... Amazing how much more yellow the yoke is.
we live in a generation accustomed to having one parental figure. That's a no no.
I beat it up up up up
if you guys find a ride im cumin w/ youu & ill ask my frann if she can give us one !
YW! RT Thanks for the shout out !
RMFT! ": This day is for the REAL mothers, not the "I wanted to have sex and ended up with IT" mothers."
oh tell her i said hai :)
I will have to translate this one, will be interesting; thanks!
are you home?
I bet knows... RT : Any word yet when Justin Bieber's new single comes out?
#RT for a goodnight mention
u not the only one ha
-Lunch?! What's that!! Enjoy doll! XOX
Crazy official post-NAMM day at the NOTION Music office. Everyone moving really slowly and red lights blinking on all phones.
Ok #happyhour fans, what is your favorite Irish #toast?
Thank you, kind friend of mine!!
when are you going live? or if are you going live for the challenge?
OPB radio coverage is no more. American roots my a**
#GiambattistaVico #MarcelDanesi it gets kinda tedious...
Against my better advice, you've gone and elected me to the ALCTS CMS Executive Committee. Or that's what my email says.
:'/ dam where can he be I'm worried... real worried... :/
If you watch closely, you can spot a Three Men and a Baby in the background of Ghost.
Looking for Mentors for an elementary age students---have lunch w/ 1x week, 30 min.between 11-12:30 E.Austin contact
-hold you tight-
Goin to see the avengers :-) hope they don't have the AC on in there
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the fucken station right when u enter the car lmao!
Its fine.
Hey, want to be texting buddies? :)
#chucknorris If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
What's your viewpoint on contrails and chemtrails?
Looks like Abi is on her way...
. landed one in the breadbasket but put him down with a combination.
I have a not - so - secret anymore secret!
Finding the wedge audience is critical
which two?
Now worries, I do appreciate you looking out :) May be unconventional but it works so far as each page serves a dif. purpose.
Damn . Just woke up bout to eat some food then start up a couple beats
Well, it usually ENDs with a bad case of the flu, if nothing else...
im flattered
Thank you and especially who made this visit to Nashville my most memorable.<3
"I arise... torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day." - E. B. White
Trained quads tues an they are still screaming at me right now.
Good thing we're friends 'cause being GCOM right now does not sound fun. Good luck on finals!
nice! Played with one earlier this week- checkout BMD 2012 Catalogue before leavin Oxy today?
There is just something not right about Joe Theisman saying his prostate gives him grief..
Hi, Steven! We did see that and love the idea. We'd love to hear your ideas!
Translators are the unsung literary heroes, and Penguin Classics has the best: scholarly, salty Brits who bring a text to life.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. I don't hate you cos you're not.
Be Real, Repeatable, Roving & build Relationships.
there's only a few people in my life that i could never replace c: you guys are what matter the most to me <3 #thatsright feel special c; <3
5 military helicopters overhead. Welcome to LA President Obama.
Makes me wonder if he'd be no. 1 if Jack White didn't release today?
A D:< I hate my phone being disconnected !!!!!!
i had a tummy ache, and we had some at work... no special occasion. though for noodle day I think I'd have something a bit fancier:)
I am dangerous in a wine bar. However, I do love Twisted Vine in Fullerton.
So... A guy named World Peace just got suspended for a flagrant elbow to a guy named Harden?
I'm going to go out over lunch & try to find him. Can you take all the benches in Brewer's Hill? I'll start in the Harbor.
I just saw the family. All that matters is where the fun is.
Thanks for the ReTweets! and
holy cow! “: Besse...HE.CAN'T. MISS”
Resuming an ordered existance is going to be harder and slower than I had thought.
oh that doesn't surprise me then lol
": Drunk red sox fans looking at old trolley car at boylston 'is that the orange line?' #mbta"
did he get ejected like ?
CANNOT believe u got swept by Colin on u got "dunk-faced" n "posterized" at same time
I cant keep my eyes focused i need my glasses :(
Performing in riverside tomorrow! During service playing 2 songs and playing a full set in the cafe See you all there!
Happy Mothers Day (: 😘💜
Hi zendaya huge fan
I'm amazed at how many damn parody accounts are on twitter these days.
I wish I was living back In the day when there was less gays, less violence, better music and when people just be who they are.
I miss the sunshine!
Thank you, dearest Holly--just wish we'd had more time together at the conference!! xoxo
So I just cracked this dudes back windshield with a rock cause him and his friends wanted to be dumb. Not even sorry either lol
#Raleigh #fashion peeps where is your favorite place for #fashionshows in town?
Not in the mood for anything .Sleepy time .
>>In it 2 win it. Let's do this Mon! Life is Beautiful!
Haha been a long time since I been in Twitter Haha me back follow me
If I get extended tonight that's bs. Why the hell should I have to close on a Friday and Saturday
Watching UK v KU from the beginning of the year, not sure I'll recognize the team.
Today is my birthday and nothing would make me happier for this to get retweeted by #AustinMahone or
Serious q: will the Knicks break 50?
shit. gotta re-think now.
I can do that:)
maybe some nail polish? A bright red would totally make his fur coat pop
#wow Have you seen an amazing set of women starting a business today. We found one true team Come Sat after sundown. 
govt shutdown in t-minus...
we'll be out Friday night!!
Nice! Enjoy, I have the game on, playing music on my ukulele.. :)
uh!!! What have I got myself into? Purple pill on deck 💊
make sure you're following are consolidating accounts. namaste!
is fresh like a ripe cantaloupe
you sure? The Section 357 Show is airing right now. How'd you hear Jazzmine Sullivan?
WAS GOOD FAM
Get Your Good On service project today at Academy Charter School! :-)
Alriight Haley you win lol RT haha whatever. I just punked him on stats after trying to make me
My point is ur analogy wrong. Right now we need more national support (not just DNC) 4 unique race/situation
What did you have for lunch today? With this weather, warm soup sounds good to me ... - Theresa Lucas
Craving Italian food at 7am. Not pregnant, just on a diet and dreaming. M, chicken Bryan.
Damn I am about to drive all the way back to Houston. So tired -.-
Well this is a real wrath-of-god kind of hailstorm.
When your grandparents come home and save you from going to school the next day <3 :P
~New Moon!~
what record bro
Join the music revolution!
Amazed at how classy is. That's leadership and love and it is a model for uplifting thru social media.
simply grateful for this December Sunshine! having a great day?!
Word from our printer is the May issue arrives tomorrow. We'll let you know where advance copies can be found. April's still got a wkd left!
My pleasure! It's a great idea and I hope I get to do more than just RT & FB it someday. Oh $$$, how I miss you. Cheers!
Fuck a relationship, its my turn to party
omg can't wait r u guys gonna put it on youtube?
Hi stud!!! How art thou? Was just thinking about TTL the other day lol whats new? : Veronika!!! My ttl alumni :)
Three robocalls in one morning... This is going to be a "fun" election year.
Awfully quiet day...
It's not my fault that you heard energizing when I meant innerjizzing...
And here's how your NW metro area senators voted on the stadium: YES: Bonoff, Latz, Rest NO: Eaton, Kruse, Limmer ABSTAIN: Olson
I follow a lot of people, hah. Dawkins is out of guilt, I still haven't finished any of his books. I will over winter break!
Devils, Rangers aren't carrying any baggage - ESPN (blog)
I hate being a nursing student. I constantly think I'm dying. Checking my pulse every three minutes.
I can't wait to get a day off..
Gots me another job finally.
She does nothing for me. RT : Can we, as a society, just please decide to be OVER Kristen Stewart already?
Binge reading like a boss.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
TWO MORE WEEKS OF HELL. ( school ) than SUMMMMMMMMMA! :D
So great seeing you both!
everything's good. Lot's of response to the column. Going on Vicki McKenna's show on Monday.
52 days until worlds 2012! this should be intersting.
just discovered wondering if and how it could be used in the music classroom to help students learn...
:o chelsea is quoting camp rock?! hahah <3 lmfao
hey! Tweeting a bit less, life/work have been busy. Looking forward to Spring, altho winter hasn't been too bad here.
I'll pitch in...I wonder if would bet a $100 Fellows Fundraiser donation on the Super Bowl?
@ the anchor w/my lover enjoying the right to smoke indoors & some tasty food.
Grrrrr the guy that just got on the bus has a Capitals hat on.
The LL post was nice. Especially because it was a "look here someone did something right". There aren't enough of those.
Depression sucks man
Melo is the most overrated basketball player of all time
Good Night Twitter!!!
Honestly, when I get a text from you... My heart skips a beat <3
Using the term "nerimon pants" a lot with Belen at Forever 21
♫♫What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor? Draw a penis on his face and take pictures to post online!♫♫
Enjoying a short late lunch break between creative tasks. Have been drawing, painting & bookmaking all weekend. I love art :)
the twitters user do vote but it's not just modeling it's also acting and traveling and so much more fun this show is big
If the Sox can't win with a position player pitching, they don't deserve to win. A-Gon was a complete no show except on defense.
Stressed and nervous. It's not a good feeling, wanting sleep to make me forget the world.
snuggle time! haha
Great way to end the night. Good night, everyone. <3
Follow for the lastest new restaurants/happyhours in #DC !
"The life of a man consists not in seeing visions & in dreaming dreams, but in active charity & in willing service." cc. TY :)
unless play some modern warfare or zombies but i dont wanna play alone. I need my xbox live back
#QLF 70 percent of liquid feeds to dairies are customized.
So proud! RT : THANK YOU THANK YOU AGAIN FOR SORORITY GIRL OF YEAR. UNDEFEATED and it feels good!
Good morning
Why doesn't Brad Pitt have any #Oscars? He is such a good actor!
*heads to jerk hut tomorrow* at least until I go home to Boston *greedily grabs Haitian food* Um late night hunger much?
so much to do, as usual. but busy on the reference desk takes priority :-)
really, people in the park? you're gonna sing 4 non blondes & indigo girls? it's not 1994. (& I'll stick with Brahms, thanks)
I hate when I read texts wrong .....
I miss my brother </3
Negotiating a gig for my band next year.
YES OF COURSE I DID AND I WAS SCREAMING CAUSE MY BABY
Getting ready to see Avengers. Preparing for geekgasm.
++|-+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I have a 2005 CU Soccer Senior Poster, signed by Matt W. & Vince O, but not signed by the 3rd guy: #11. Is he still around?
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
they shouldn't have made ryan have brown contacts in the notebook his eyes look beady
SHORTCODE Y U NO WORK!?
Buckyballs: The Amazing Magnetic Desktoy You Can't Put Down!
Hot Wings Recipe from Epicurious
ahahghahaahha RT : I blame everyone for my problems. Except Shaggy, because we all know it wasn't him.
LeBron's beard must be so jealous of James Harden's beard.
sorta fell in love with your characters, Marty, and Topher<3
can't find tickets anywhere!!!!!!!!
Never would have guessed the only thing standing between tiger and the crown of best to ever play the game would be skirt. crazy.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Watching one of the midnight showings of
Here in the sun, there's only fifteen minutes of fun hope we can tan and hope we can burn up
"I'm ready to come out of my shell" ~ turtles
I haven't gone to church for a while now
#2 more days til' teen hoot!! Can't wait to meet you(:
agreed. and christians. sadly, you and i may be in the minority here...
The building is electric. I haven't seen it like this in years.
cant wait i lovbe u more than u can even imagine Justin love love love:)<3$!!!!
Mr. Besst put the Midterm Review answers on school web!!
should have known my parents wouldn't leave Roanoke until 5pm to come get me....
DO ANY Of My Followers have a OOvoo Im Bored
All Out Ent
Hopefully starting a today. Are any of you on there already?
crossed off 5 things on my to-do list today. Hooray for productivity!
Who is ready to party this Friday at the Awake Venue!?
": hell yea! Did you not look at the weather this morning. Lol" I did but I've been bamboozled so many times.
#Np Ft. Ne-yo - Think like a man !! that's a good quality music Amazing! loved it <3
Just read ch. 8 of _After the Black Death_ and am wondering where the marriage-as-transfer-of-property-between-men pop meme came from.
was it from Chipotle? Id like you to get her name please.
The humans are dead, the humans are de-ad...
Man besides The Interview everything in this day can go fucks itself -Proto
I completely forgot that horrible part of my life till just that second CINDY OLD GURRRRL lmao
OccupyNYC: Liberty Square is being RE-OCCUPIED! 500+ people and growing! Come on down! Bring blankets&food!
come back
You forgot Alaskan time!! Ha ha!
Honored to be working w/ and his MLB/NFL athletes. Note to self: Next time, workout with Todd after presentation
I love the way dresses, she looks gr8 everyday.
OMG, I REALLY LOVE THE SONG 11:11.
Yep its about that time..
Thanks for having me, Twitter. Life's about to get interesting.
Yes. I think so too.
I have heard they are doing a call me maybe video :D :D :D :D
This weather is nap inducing!
Wah. wishing I was at
Show your support for , Hail to the !
What yummies are in that cup?
*Looming over your both* Yes, Ms. Stroop, I am.
ur so stupid but its kool cause ur awesome with it
doing alright
TREND TREND TREND #1DTONEBRASKA :)))
after 4 long, hard fought hours..i believe ive produced a damn good paper!
Okay. Just checking to see if you dn't have mulitple personalites or something.
Nice, I'll have to check it out. Thanks! How are things with you?
I hit an all time high for being soaked. My entire pants are soaked! And now I have to teach for 7 hours :( :(
Don't forget...kids eat free on Monday nights! Stop by before the game tonight!
Low-lying areas including Bangladesh and Florida face catastrophic flooding. Inhabitants forced to move become the first climate refugees.
sounds like you put into action ... If somebody asks for your shirt, give him your coat too.
I'm hungry like the wolf! See you tomorrow night!
"I got the game in my blood - with the mission on my mind, flow my heart down on paper - and keeps my azz on the grind". ~D.Mighty Music~
I'm wondering what effect this will have on Rondo..
thanks for making a profile! Just featured it.
Kansas is having a bout of California weather. Beach Day! Oh, wait....
Where in China did you go? Was it hot and humid at this time?
We both already messed up. .-.
I'm a firm believer in continuous improvement, both 4 me & those who work w/me. I make that clear 2 anyone who come 2 the sch.
Thank u for the follow love! :D It means a lot! \o/
I would honestly go to #UMF just to be at #ASOT tent all day
New fave song ...
where are you bringing a homeowner?
I see many followers in my email but my following number is not going up. Can you help?
i miss
Ugh! Ran kings full into quads in omaha. I think I paid off one too many bets. 20k now at 2/4 limits.
I can't wait either! Loved that show!
What does that look like for you day to day?
Halfway into Torchwood S2, this one's better than S1. But Reese is a real prick. And it seems I need to watch Dr. Who to get some references
3. F*** this. Never use blog again.
JDI program director Sasha Gear & Des Lesejane welcoming delegates to a prison's roundtable discussion in Cape Town
Heyy, follow me?
Thank you! I really enjoyed (e-)meeting you all and the opportunity to present.
Oh IMDB "star meter", how you help the hopeless hope.
how do we submit to be a part of the 48 hour film project?
i told you to text me so we could make plans and then....
faculty talking about F2F office hours are dead. Adobe Connect Pro taking over - esp for large enrollment classes.
he was the man. RIP Carroll Shelby.
Nightlight: the Twilight Parody tells a better love story than Twilight does...
Oregon's football revenue ranks 32nd in the country.
Thank goodness this didn't count. My rooting interests are going to explode if Kemba attempts a game-winner against the Hawks for real
That moment when you're on the phone with someone, but you're so bored you say, "I'll call you back," and you never do.
♡BE YOURSELF♡
lol. I read this tweet, and think "sounds just like ". For good reason, evidently.
Many will not see now who I am what I stand for and what I will bring, but soon that will change
Don't miss ZZ Top tribute band, Velcro Fly, live on stage tonight at Pineapple Willy's starting at 8:30!
My alarm for tomorrow won't shut off till I solve arithmetic problems. I hope this means I won't be able to unconsciously turn off my alarm.
Never new love with hurt this bad worse pain I ever had
I had so much fun last night! Congratulations to everyone on #Awake for a fantastic season!
Lol well I didn't do the project so I'm gonna finish it..and I just don't like the rain.
Control your jealousy because I cant control my temper.
“: I love curly hair!” it looks awesome!
Game time!! Let's go Patriots!!!
Maybe the W Hotel will fall on the TX state legislature
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 47
HALFTIME: #Gators lead Louisville 41-33.
laying down watching George lopez . You?
I love it when someone tells me I made there day. It makes me feel special
Really enjoying NeYo as a mentor.
Get it together and come ready to play on Monday.
yeah looks can decieve you. Haha
i don't understand why Tre keeps selling stories to magazines cept for the money, she's not helping matters...
Are you sure you shouldn't second guess yourself? ;-)
Bill Maher's New Rules for #TimeMagazine in last night's 'Real Time' on HBO = scathingly brilliant.
.....greatest of all time!!! Hands down
Girl my 40th bday party here on MV Nov 20th. So wish u could be here!!!! I love you so much.
Amanda marries the love her life in one week (and a day!)!!! Meetings all morning to make sure everything is perfect! <3
KHI will accomplish this through partnerships with local homeless shelters.
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds in the morning then mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 69 to 74 inland....
Is there a way for both teams to lose in the final game?
How in the hell in that happen?!
I think alex is jealous
What's everyone up to this weekend? Make your weekend a sweet one by stopping by Krispy Kreme!
C'mon! Who are these people w/ these characters for pictures on Twit. trying to sell me books? Using characters like JEM, (cartoon) Ha!
Happy Friday, and best of luck to those of you participating in state finals tomorrow! Be sure to tweet us as to how it goes!
$85 dollar tickets for texting and walking.. could they make any more ridiculous laws ?
Tonight's #SHARKTANK featured who's currently testing out :-)
How was everyone's weekend? Hit me back with some exciting stories
I swear to god Netflix! If you don't get some new releases on instant view soon I'm going to dump you!
#FollowFriday #Marketing friends:
Who hates Jordan? Gotta be no one.
You tell me that you need me then you go and cut me down. OneAndOnly<3
Not running for President these days shows one is actually quite smart.
Just landed in Norfolk after amazingly messy flight situation out of nyc--on 700 club tomorrow a.m. Talking bout Cry out America.
If you could create your dream burger, what would it consist of? Tell us about it!! We can't wait to hear your yummy ideas.
Just got my Music Beta by Google Invite! #GuessIKnowWhatI'mDoingTonight
Remembered I still haven't re-installed Photoshop on my laptop since it crashed, got all anxious & twitchy. We've never been apart so long.
Thanks so much, look forward to seeing you at !
me too i been on the road for the last 5 hours
My blowout. Lol RT : 0.o why would you needa go to the barbershop?
we have reached 100 followers! thank you everyone - please be sure to tell all your friends about the Great Heartland Cookout!
I'm looking at my 2009 tumblr posts. One is a photo of Robert Patinson. Cedric > Sparkly Vampire dude.
Nothing like listening to smooth jazz while you work.
J Moss will be in the house at I Hear Music 2012.
no I'm saying it like it is.
Read a bit of the 1st book then got distracted. So I haven't ruined anything.
15 min qtrs - play exact statisical representation of your teams offense and defense
Let's go Blackhawks!!!
- Thx so much 4 the e-introduction! Welcome aboard !
ok! Write write write that paper boy!
West Elm Plates, Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, Gingerbread Houses, Gift Cards & More! Wanna win it? Then join us at 9pm EST at #Juice4Holiday!
i miss you to. </3
they are officially the cutest things ever
twiiter is all over kony tonight
great mtg you today at event! Thx for taking an interest in our work.
thank you so much! Amazing !
ladies night at the dog joint
Yikes! Tornadoes, thundersnow....crazy day for weather. Stay safe out there everyone!
Are you a Yoga fan? We have One Year Membership Gift Certificate for Unlimited Online Yoga Classes $25 ($90 Value) www.yourluckydeals.com
lol. everyone thinks the state north of them is not southern. I know what side we fought on damnit.
going home, just got back from a family thing! You?(:
Whoever.was able to get VIP is really lucky and i would die for that. My mom been tryin to get vip since the presale startin
"I carried a watermelon." love it, as always.
OH THIS IS GOLD I LOVE IT.. YOU DID GREAT MY DUDE!
three bags! You're insane, woman. That's a lot of, er, baggage to carry around =)
The operation was a success! Managed to break into my iMac, swap out the dead hard drive with a new one, and restore it via Time Machine.
ciara I miss my buddy!!
I bet. Ayahuasca is very powerful. What inspired you to try it? If you don't mind me asking. 1st time?
That's where I'm going to go.
's #Boyfriend video is like the #KIDZBOP version of #NSYNC's #Girlfriend video...
We heard you so here it is!!! We are now offering rental car service!! Contact us at 1 888 581 4446 or
Bedtime!!! Mayhemfest in the morning with my family <3 goodnight everyone!!!! :-)
And he try to be the best not Jordan just so happens that Jordanwas the best
Just finished bowling
Passion is often mistaken for anger by those lacking passion.
Thanks ... I have friends who have worked 20+ yrs- I'm worried for them.
Shouts to all the solid followers!
": I just want a damn huge ass sugar cookie and a slap across my face with Justin's mile long." justins small tho
tell your friends that ;) by: Haroutiun Tokatlyan
my primo leo is home! great minds develop great things.. just gotta bring them together..
#ThingsIDislike are people who dislike one direction
some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!
xoxoxo 😘😘😘 be safe on your road trip
my best friend is an idiot. *bangs head on the wall*
In da clouds
Honestly I really don't think black girls need to wear make up. And that's the #NaturalTruth Ruth. ✌
Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!! Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!
Yes, I described it yesterday as "pure gold" RT : did you see the account? It's fantastic.
Well if the Lakers don't give a damn why should I? I'm going to bed.
Stuck in Minneapolis, MN for the night. All flights are full, All Day! Not such a bad city to be stuck in. Gonna head to Mall of America!
When Your walking home alone, see someone scary, and pretend to be talking on the phone with your dad about his new gun ;D
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
Ba-ZING!
yeah,i kinda figured :)
Yay! 's Trout Pout is one of my current favs!
its so so so god!
right? Although I can imagine the look on my Mom's face when she saw it was a Lowe's gift card.
Italian American Cultural Center is so nice! They are putting up a bocci court...my life is now complete haha.
is an example of a idea born out of social entrepreneurship
Today my path was crossed by a black cat. Stalking a turkey.
why are you not at Hollander?
I just bought: 'Electromagnetism: Nature's Force That Shapes Our Lives' by Lawrence W. Fagg #cua Physics
Russell Wilson will be a starting QB in the league one day
Lebron totally ran over Rondo, how is that not a foul???!!!! COME ON!!!!
Follow us on twitter:
your twitter links do not work :(
get ur lazy ass up
what the balls.
Ah no :( Now I feel bad for wishing an infection upon it. But get it done forrealsies.
Popcorn popped. Almost time for movie night.
Nats skipper Davey Johnson says Bryce Harper may require a stitch or two on his face, may miss a game or two.
Just when I gain a little confidence, in a strange way you remind me that I'll never be good enough
Don't make plans for tomorrow night unless it's getting down to Vegas StrEATS! See you there.
Glasses broke -___-
Classes for kids and adults begin this week. Find a complete schedule at www.brevardartmuseum.org. Call 254-7782 to register.
I need a moment of violence.
The Collegetown Shuttle is running on its regular schedule today!
Congrats and good luck to all the Boston companies!
and its never anything good.
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." Booker T. Washington
hey, well, I intend to have a grownup job someday TOO :-P
Both Facebook and Twitter are the best platforms in the digital space today.
Mexican food in Bethesda. Hm.
50 followers in 7 hours!!...send in your pictures folks
My mood right now <<<
My friends always say how I'm obsessed with Eminem....I'm past obsessed. Its officially love.
And to embarrassing.
Damn! I was on avail for that. RT Pentagon accuses "Chinese actors" of being world's biggest perpetrators of economic espinoage
something a hardass would say:) haha
Enjoyed the piece. An aspect of trails and highways involves groups of minority descent.
ah yeah!!! And let's not forget mister high five station!
PLease follow! It would mean the world to me!!
Do you guys have a facebook page? I couldn't find it :(
Happy Monday! Network drive is down.
I could not agree more. They should already know how to play.
Ha, I'm hella moded! It right, just chkd it & responded. LOL ops, my bad cuz
Sources indicate #Facebook #IPO already oversubscribed, based on road show success. IPO #valuation could be greater than first anticipated.
everyone follow
lalala follow us please(:
haha! Love it.
I miss unguided bombs SO much :( Dive bombing a tank or AA weapon and pulling up last second... Look back and watch the BOOM
today lets toast to the future cause right now shit happen its highschool we almost done so things gonna happen we almost grown
Ima blow Boom ass up if he keep playin with me !
PS Is it your weekend yet :-)?
Happy First Friday everyone! How are you getting your Art on?
Yep. The Heat are going all the way because the refs want it, NBA wants it, and $$$ wants it.
when ur actions dnt match up with what u say, after a while all I start to hear is bs
you show that picture to her ill show your gf a picture of you in heals
I wish I could just sleep all day!
I'm mad at all of u
#Thanks to all of our followers. Nearly 200 of you on less than a week. We're gaining support quickly and #loving it.
I have iPad...is Xoom better??
Amazing PAID summer #internship opp @ Universal McCann SF - Knowledge Management/Innovation. Please RT & DM me for details!
RT : RT : "General Washington & President Lincoln" appear at St. Paul's N.H.S., Sat., Feb. 11, noon-4PM...
I will when my arm is better
looking forward to another sat night service with the moto family!
Fellow b-school early birds: who's started #bootycamp already? What's your favorite Aha! moment so far?
Ughh there's this one girl at my new job who doesn't like me :(
22,253 Votes Total in less than one week! are leading with 12,140 and creeping up with 10,212 votes!
Yep sometimes reporters make up words... Its alright no1 except the whole city is listening...
Talk about the worst injury u ever had.
congrats Tim
hahahaha and where does one find a motorized chair at that hour?
Can't do #morningjoe anymore, but found 'brien's almost as smart & edgy as our #nerdland #uppers shows
#HappyMothersDay! Mom: Thank you for making it look easy … there are nights I curse you for that!!!
Haha yea, where my pen at?
I have to go to a cheer meeting, without What the heck am I gonna do?
Thanks lady! It's an oldy, but a goody ;)
Pregame talk by Coach Samples for game 1 of #SCACHoops tournament.
RT : For our #barcamptampa followers - We lost one of our original supports this Tuesday. died Tuesday
I don't like saying goodbyes. I'm not very good at it.
Once we have more Q1 numbers in, they will be posted at our website.
Alphonse Elric is probably my favorite character in anything ever.
That awkward moment when u realize you LOVE my novels :)
Many phone tracking apps will over ride a phone that is on silent and sound an alarm?
Good morning to my beautiful followers!
Things will get better :)
@ all of hwy 287 to Amarillo is a speed trap. Especially near Esteline
Merry Christmas, everyone! Enjoy the day! From all of us at Houston360Live.com!
Aw, that's awesome. I'm so happy for you guys!
No, I haven't had a chance to thumb around with it yet! I watched their video on the website though! That's great! Can't wait!
yum! Sounds delicious!
It's a evening.
I'm awake... and I have no idea why. Blah.
Alright alright, homework then workout.
u r very serious LOL
surprise. She just didnt tell u til today lol
My first earthquake! Much more disturbing than I could have expected to feel the floor moving in a basement.
If your take care clinic opens at 9 then why is your provider still not here?
it's was a quick trip but was certainly an adventure.
Dear Mother Nature, please bring on the rain & wash this nasty yellow pollen away before I sneeze all over my #Subway sandwich.
Dude! Last weeks episode was insane! I have to watch the last one now!
I hope u got me some autographs? 😳⚾
awww too bad !
I hollered at that whole 'New Rules' segment. Too funny.
“Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.” Thomas J. Watson
Be urself & think for urself; and while your conclusions may not be infallible, they will be nearer right than the conclusions forced upon u
Kings Island today :)
GO TALK IT OVER GUYS.
maybe you should go to a therapist and talk about these dreams
So we can go together :)
do you play zombies?
it was mad cops out there
Oh, I ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE you will never see the Astros in last place in the NL Central again after this season. EVER!!!
Can I send someone an ebook as a gift? Seems easy enough, but can't seem to figure it out.
Health Tips: eat greens or your body will balance your pH by drawing calcium from bones and teeth!
Well..I think imma give up. has too many people to tweet him...Well you know what.I take that back..he taught me not to(: <3
Ya need to be on DAT " Hood General's " Holla at me I GOT CHA A FREE COPY !!!!!!!!!!!! North Memphis Alday !
Oh thank you!!
Apparently my husband is a Packers fan today. *sigh*
Just started your new book - fascinating so far! Excited to hear you might speak at in #Baltimore on your US tour!
Mpls police chief Tim Dolan opposes Shoot First Bill saying it will make the job more dangerous
that is so cute
I think he needs snacks, too :< RT : ron paul do you need a hug
everybody started yelling when they tried to back that ass up
fair to ask what an equivalent private sector job would pay. I'd bet an analogous-sized private biz CEO would make much more.(1/2)
T.G.I.F. #whewww | Im T.A.F. | Wut dat mean? | $100 to who guess it __________ | yea right | LOL
“: Let's all bask in the irony of Bristol Palin talking about the importance of raising a child in a traditional marriage.”
maybe Roy is waiting for Seattle to get a team again!
Happy Birthday!! Hope it's a good one!!
"You're killing me smalls!"
What do you enjoy most about being a #physical #therapist? At the same time, what is most challenging?
..most black females come across so sour and bitter sometimes>>
Watching the episode of Happily Divorced that I missed last night. I tend to miss things on tv. This is what the internet was made for!
It's not that... looked like you did it for work. I wonder how time management works for creatives. Pay by hour, pay by effort.
Takes a lot of dedication and months to prepare for it. I'm sure everything is also mind control.
We're a customer of yours. Will you tell me about the GCC search tool?
Hahaha. Maybe a nice penthouse overlooking the park?
thanks for coming today, hope you had fun!
wishing she could twitter faster. Maybe I'd get more work done.
RT : Happy last day of classes to some #IU students, good luck on the first day of finals to others!
my intentions are vicious, ruthless and ambitious
MY GO NO
HELL!YES!Btw, I'm thinking you should roll out your mixtapes, not just release all on the same day. Let some excitement mount
smells like grill for as far as the nose can sniff.
I'm officially making it standard to reject any and all resumes, while scouting talent. It just seems like the right thing to do.
on Wu-Tang Clan's wiki page it states that the band is:" 1992- Forever ". Long live the kings...
I love it
Thank you and for hosting the Digital #Marketing SIG this morning!
Big brothers-they are there to sit on u. Care for u but don't. And sit on you more. But most importantly love you then sit on you again...
Internet down at work. Feels like 1995 up in here. I'm about to bust out my Crazy Sexy Cool cassette for full effect.
Consult with your brain, but listen to your heart.
Evocative art suggested for the bridge b/t East Dallas & the Arts District....the creator's name....Blessing Hancock haha. Hm, I wonder....
I love the fearlessness of Thank you for illuminating so many voices that have been silenced in this nation!
I agree! When. Where. What time? Lmfao.
Two cups of coffee and a mountain dew before noon. New record!
Whos ready for 7pm? ;) Have you told all your friends yet?!
define "contained"?
The interest today will be to see if the DOW can finish at zero or above. Right now, it is creeping towards zero.
I think it's harder to get to notice me on twitter than :P
i love your boobs and long hair
Busily working on renewal forms for next year this morning!
watches part one and two? Now they're just getting lazy.
500 Days of Summer? Never saw it but I'm sure you're not alone :)
no thanks.
Only one more Monday left this year!!
fuk fly i am fashion tryna cop that new benz wagon
If you a grown man that can't take a joke <<<
I think I'm just naturally vain. Its fun to have that big of a platform! Tho being misunderstood sucks.
and I presented our Atlanta Historic Maps project at Esri Education User Conference this weekend.
. and both using real employees in their ads. Doesn't get more authentic than that.
safe travels today, see you 2moro - should I bring my upright?
Good morning to all my hustlers and go getters. Make today productive.
Candy lounge goin down tonight
It will really make your iPhone feel small. LOL!!
Then why u listening.
awesome! So glad it went well :)
will murder RT : #Kings and #Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods. I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it.
To be brutally honest, we have suffered bigtime since Robert Gibbs left the West Wing. Jay doesn't know how to lie nearly as well as Bobby.
Anywhere else it's,"I got 99 problems but a ***** ent one". Where i stay it's," I Got 99 Problems But A Witch ent one".
Go Follow My Bro
I hate you both. Lol
4" of SNOW! in SPRING!
I can't wait to get back to the house.. I'm missing the highlight of most of my days.
#Chlamydia is known as a "silent" disease because the majority of infected people have no
you too, sweetie.
Getting used to new protocols.
So, the Pirates won? More importantly, which perogie came in first?
Boy it sure would be nice.
Where is ?
haha she was!
Want to get rid of that long honey do list from last year ? Call Mr.D's we'll take care of it and keep you out of the dog house.619-562-5848
"humanity i love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink" - E.E. Cummings
the Beliebers we are like family to where you are in a time of tears and joys your uplifting us with just a smile thanks for everything
I mean, who needs parody accounts when the real thing is a walking caricature anyway? This shit doesn't need a writer, it writes itself.
And I SHOULD be doing homework...
And there are few things funnier than a "turn off your cellphone" PSA financed by a phone company.
SayBayBee offers Custom Baby Registries online! We can service your needs right where you are!
Glad to share. Good luck! :)
hearing sirens every night makes me feel safe and glad I live off Fairview :)
I'm at the combination Pizza House and Taco Bell.
Late dinner @ Bollini's in Monterey Park. Super thin crust pizza & amazing pasta, Eastside is picking up speed in the food dept.
Cold pizza and chocolate milk...
Celebrating NYE with my wife and new daughter Sydney Madelyn! Happy New Year!
I still take a mini vacation there every morning when I turn on my computer-background image
While this may not be the soaker initially forecast, it still will provide some much needed rain to the state.
22 followers in 3 hours and we have a year and a half to go.. This is going to be one hell of a party! Thanks for the support.
#Feng Shui Tip: Energy is in our thoughts. Loving thoughts create more ♥, non-loving thoughts create more negative energy. Choose Love!
keep trying man!
You let me down tonight girl. I hope you used this time to get your head together.
Good morning, Cynthia! Have a wonderful Wednesday to you too! :-)
Tweetup is over. Will post pics tonight. Thanks for following. We had a blast! Learned a lot.
Caesar Salad special today! A Full GIANT size of our crisp Caesar salad for only $5.50 served in your favorite pizza bowl!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
He's being trained indoors on papers (pads taste good!). Good one day=treats/Next morning he'll go on floor not on papertray
Just Text me whenever you're free and we can hangout :] because i miss you and my jail bed. Lol
Job Opportunity: Linux Systems Administrator to configure, maintain and support Linux infrasructure. Interested? Call Maria at 617.262.1313
I beat you, crack of dawn!
Last day of classes, ready for what is in store for ALPFA Milwaukee next semester!
Our little kiddies are performing tonight at the Downtown Aquarium! Come check it out from 7 to 11. Free dancing under the #HTown skyline!
That's really cool, man. My grandma has cancer right now. Thanks for giving up your hair for her and everyone else with cancer
I'm to tired!
life is not measured by how many breaths you take, but how many moments take your breath away <3
Why does going to the Sprint store take longer than being seen in a crowded ER?
I'm on my grind homey, you can't stop this!
Why not?
NEW SONGS ARE UP!
Special: 1 dozen wrapped roses $9.99 – buy one get one free – while supplies last! We're open 'til 5:30 p.m.
And whirled peas RT : Oklahoma City the only place in the world that boos World Peace
THANKS U ROCK GIRL!!!
Potential cover office band: Dark Side of the Cube.
The Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes has died. R.I.P.
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
A week later...sorry I'm such a twit.
"LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!" -Psalm 8:1
It's about time we remind the Pirates of their place in the division
Followers worth having will, at the very least, digress honorably with your candid takes. That's all one can ask. :)
Now the most pressing work left for me this afternoon is to sit by the window and watch the tumbleweeds tumble.
by the time I get to the Chi, french toast would b cold. Dontcha think? As for the money well... I think you know!!
down! Les do it
How dare this pimple start coming up....
Completely baffled by shortsighted people. Ah well, yesterday was fun.
appreciate your helpful comment. Was trying to fit tweet within character limit. Becoming a comedian is in your future.
if you have to ask, you'll never know. If you know, you need only ask.
T plush is the best, Fxck yeah brewers!!!!!
conversations with are always nice.
His heart was stronger than a heavy metal bullet.
The worst thing is someone miserable not understanding what they don't have from what they do have!
great to hear! Make sure to tell your friends about next week's show.
I know you have, sir. And congrats, btw
Ah a few more days then done with these classes
OMG. is out of effing control. This thing is up in everyone's junk right now. Think it got blitzed off some amaretto.
Just finished stamping a few more pieces that I'm hoping to get listed before leaving for the holidays.
I want to haz beer.
False alarm. Just had to reboot the box. Thanks!
THEN ID DIE
Think I'm going to stay in bed all day and watch hulu plus.............unless I get a text or phone call.
District #6. Our tributes are awful, just like the state. :) haha
“: Bout to clock in with " YES SIR!
: What are ways to deter people from a life of crime in the first place?
Knocked to the ground and attacked. A sexual assault victim hid under the jacket attackers used to cover her face until police arrived.
hha i do too, you think they make neon pets ? #iwantone (:
I'm for real! Lol. Juices and salads no meat except for fish. No sweets.
yes true :) well, I think I won't need maths then, lol
RT : Power has been restored to Jamul and Ramona
sad panda.. about mca.. damn..
nice move volunteering your neighbor/coworker. Would you like to try and grab lunch together today?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was so lost didn't understand it
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Upload a photo if you'd like.
Thank you! Hope it was as enjoyable to listen to as it was to record.
Benoit will only be considered if Antoine Carr doesn't accept it!
glad we ran into each other! Keep cranking.
Thank you so much for the mention!
We are excited to be partnering with for the ‘Treats & Beats’ bridal event. Swing by to sample bites from 1-4pm
#nccetl do districts keep parents in the loop so policy neither shocks nor disappoints
Sounds great! and I would love to do lunch soon!
you can only pick your co-workers nose if you let them pick your nose
Coffee..blues...smoke..Studio sesh
that's a relief to hear. I didn't think such junk could be coming from a Risley computer. My favorite site davidrisley.com
Engaging Our Most Challenging Students session helped me generate a long to do list for this summer.
Good luck at the Toronto Marathon
Gym time a lot of cardio 2day backed up with a chest workout. Some ppl rest on Sunday I opt out forget rest I'll rest when I die letgo
thank you so much! Sorry for the delay, I'm playing catch up right now
It's Free Soap Day at my laundromat.
Congrats to Norfolk State who played the perfect game at the perfect time. Now go put the slipper on & keep playing Cinderella.
And...? How is it these days? If you're there another morning, think about Carman's Country Kitchen. Not open Mondays.
I do that constantly and drive myself crazy. I don't believe there is. I just delete it and repost.
london. It's parliament I went on a mission trip there
If sleep is so important, then why does school start so early?
Let it snow!
On the phone with my love .
Oh yeah, I got $52 in donations today. Made my goal lolz. Yay.
Thanks again for all the playoff wishes!
My daddy's taking me to the mall tomorrow :-)))) !
So I need a Meningitis Shot for school! Good luck to me!
Kudos Loyola Law School and panel of lawyers and judges discussing civility with students; I enjoyed moderating
Why can't girls stop looking like a leather wallet, and stop tanning so much.
What do you think? RT : I think how cool it wd b if had its own fireplace but since Bradbury wrote Faherenheit 451...
also I love you, as a hetero Asian/Cajun American
Heidi, the Outsiders, and BSC, among others! ": We want to know--what was your favorite book growing up?
I love the smell of LAX in the morning. It's somewhere between desperation and shame.
Tell all my friends I'm dead
you're so hot !!!! Saludos desde Sacramento, CA. 
really? she was on teen mom? i will kill this bitch
SEO your LInkedIn profile spell out acronyms and include key words
I have 11 properties with tenants in them and I'm looking to unload them by 5pm today huge cash flow opp DM me
Jogging! Sounds horrifying! :)
Hello #libchat - ters. First time here. MLIS student and elementary school librarian. Not even sure how all this works.
I Want It That Weight: A Boy Band Tribute to Levon Helm
Thanks to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
Now they recounting it. They seem to disagree on the amount. Let me count it
Come and visit us at the Princeton Farmer's Market today 11am to 4pm in Hinds Plaza!
I do too<3 sucks idk him
I'm new in twitter!
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." -African proverb, via
In relationships you're gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.””
I bet she had too many alcoholic fruity smoothie drinks!
Is is true that if you give John Travolta a massage he tries to give YOU a happy ending?
he just got on the train at Baltimore Penn and went to the front of the front car (maybe rode with the driver?) til DC
I was on my phone, but I dunno yet
“: : Artest better get at least 20 games Clean Play, you got to love the way he plays how about I try that on u then?
haha because I followed you on twitter even though we still have yet to meet up, even after moving to my side of the country?
Also, how come when we regularly tweet, we lose followers, but when we go incommunicado for 3 months we gain 85?
Enjoying these hash tags: #mifflin #cincodemifflin Ah, the memories.
multiple 3s in his heart..he so wants me.
Gotta go with S.O.S. ": I'm having the hardest time picking which Jonas Brothers lyrics to get tattooed..."
Thanks to all at #ACASummit and #goldenseedsACA for great couple of days!
does the site open for u? It didn't on my phone.:(
A thought as I'm designing new page mockups - the less words user have to read on PTales, the more words they get to read in books
Did you go to NH? I thought you looked familiar, graduated 02
I hate it when I can't sleep!
yikes! RT : Several ppl shot in downtown #Indy. NY & IL Streets closed between Indy & West Streets. Lots of cops. Drama.
Ladies Night begins now! $1 Drinks for Ladies until 11pm! Free Dance Lessons start in 15 minutes! Meet us on the dance floor!
Day was good until the cops messed it up. Freakin STUPID! Then people be actin stupid as hell. Trying NOT To cuss here....
Thx for the waves, good vibes, and RTs:
Am psyched for live show this morning. Very cool. However, newsroom WAY too empty this morning!
Who else has voxer.! :)
Lolol. So basically you made Ur bed ?
One Up is now serving lunch. Luscious lunch items by Chef Marco A. Espinoza. Come check us out. 25% for a limited time!!!
Oh my pet...I would save you if I could... but I'm a little busy with the Accession and becoming a Goddess. You understand huh?
yeah but I have 4 and thats really stressful, all my teachers are putting so much pressure on us.
That's what I'm saying...if #WI doesnt show up 4 her it will diminish interest/enthusiasm of independs who R just watching 2 see
i hate when I'm trying to hang out with someone one on one and other people always end up coming or tagging along
Starting to get frustrated and desperate. I am so sick of this "economy".
Eagles fly alone, but sheep flock together.
Buffy's place in LA reminds me of Faith's place in Sunnydale.
Deep breath...
swole there's nothing to do!
Awesome day! 2 auditions, apartment hunting all bookended by a morning hike with my great buddy John & evening run in the park!
really I will try next time my Kennedy's nose decides to explode everywhere!!
I can't today:( prom later, hmm when next week are you free?
good morning mahomies (: y'all had dreams of a-meezy ?<3
Malkin with the hatty
Christina Baldwin~ Change is the constant the signal for rebirth the egg of the phoenix.
The people at TheRush inspired me to start running. first mile: 12:07 without stopping. Holla!
thank you Soror!!! It was so great to meet you!!!
I went to the new one that opened up in Dupont, it was pretty good.
You know it's gonna be a good day when your hair doesn't look like a dead thing on your face. ;)
I just found someone on omegle and did the whole Mr green/blue conversation with them from The Incredible Hulk
#didyouknow The Perigrine Falcin is the world's fastest animal. They can fly 200mph. Neat.
homework homework homework.
yes, that's possible. But it would likely split right-of-center votes & assist Hochul re-election.
Quick workout with Haven't been to the gym in literally a month. Damn feels good.
News Hot? Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson and NYC. Not? Yani, Norman and Tiger Hot? Disney, Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson, Fred Couples an
Who is that? lol
levis and weed
But will Horkel ever replace Merkozy?
Deranged indifference?
stayed up till 1:30 painting a chicken and liked it. getting back in the swing of art making, perhaps?
no name guy too.
Found an iPhone on the floor and managed to find the owner at this huge conference. Hopefully, this will help improve my tech karma!
I did too, eck!
these numbers are overwhelming.
DON'T 4GET ABOUT BAD BOYZ
Waking up still drunk is the worst when you know you have 5 hours at the studio today :(.
UK FINALLY WINS VS THE UGLY ORANGES
What happened?:( (creepy stalker getting into your personal life)(:
RT : Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it.. that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear
Hi everyone follow me I follow back
DVD: Yep, got it. Blu-Ray: Check. Instantly stream w/ UltraViolet: Huh? What the hell is that? What's next? Watch in Green Clover o'Vision?
“: Don't catch feelings too early.”
I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm.
THANKS! I haven't had a chance to respond yet (work is crazy; maybe before my lunch is up?).
We all inhabit a loving world
Witches of Eastwick, by John Updike.
11:11 pm on 11/11/11. ;) Make a wish you guys and be positive about it. :)
City night lights
heck yeah!!! We will work on a few Alabama shows for sure!!!
yeah prince to but ray idk about him
Virtual public base classes and multiple inheritance - yow! I do the thinking so you beat makers don't have to!
please follow it would mean alot:D
Get Security cameras From us before theives get a flat screen from you!!!!
who u like better to win this okc game?
He's going on tour again & tickets sell in May, I believe! I'm so excited! (':
Thanks for RTs!
Are we ready for sunday's game ... I have to work but will teleport home ...LOL
Hello Jacoby Jones. Goodbye David Reed.
It's all fun and games till the wine glass gets broken.
do u have a link to the webcast for today's provost candidate open forum? Can't find it in my email and uwm website is down.
Elie Wiesel welcomed at Xavier U w 7,000 standing to honor his great work
peppermint hot chocolate and the packers game, sundays don't get any better than this, unless the pens have a game
Great "creator" idea: design animal w/ talking fingernails. Or better yet: the "nails" are parasites. Now THAT'S a symbiotic relationship.
Rillo then my pillow
ha! understandable. think I dislike those less than "check your email" & "check your voicemail" messages.
One of those hashtags was for you, ha ha.
Beginning to think working at home today would've been a good idea...
Oh but its only life.! I just came to let you know.!
beautiful ride home!
The intersection of Carey Road and Simmons Street is open in all directions.
thanks! But not so new ;)
If Bynum and Gasol start to slack, #Lakers should go Blake, Bryant, Barnes, Artest and Hill. Call it the #EveryDayImHustlin unit.
Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world.
watching the Mobile Marketing presentation at #ASW11 with &
sad :( ive been waiting for so long for july 7th so i can see bvb live for the first time and now this crap... #GetWellAndy <3
Your Nobody Til' Somebody Kills You
$9 for parking!!!! Wtf! NO MORE SPENDING PERIOD!!
Ok I know I'm late but he killed that song...DAMN!!!
the best part about it is I know she isn't!!
I miss u!!! On the way
Monday night class: Writing Through the Image. Trying to increase my ability to do research on and utilize critical media literacy.
Alomar got 5 games for spitting in an umpires face and then saying the ump had an ax to grind because his son died. Brett Lawries? Not close
Finally, I'll think of something other than Lolita when Philip Humber is mentioned!
Happy Friday!!! What are you doing this weekend?
HAPPY NEDA WEEK DARLINGS! LOVE YOUR BODY BECAUSE IT'S THE ONLY ONE YOU WILL EVER HAVE! LETS REPRESENT!
Not sure whether to be excited or concerned by the Hegelian undertones of my wedding vows.
#Avengers this weekend
Will I ever start a new job and not be sick? Not today. Stupid allergies/cold.
No that's okay, 20 items or less really means fill the whole cart. and yes, feel free to pay with 12 different credit cards.
Welcome to the dude... We've been waiting for a middle LB like you since Trotter...
I value it and whether it's a joke 2 some only God can judge the matter of the issue. I still believe in 1 woman 1 man.
Prepared and presented a tailored overview of fund-raising methods for Hilltop Children's Center this past Thursday. Thanks Pat.
Stop by the VLP Library to pick up an event flyer and read about Grace Darin!
Ok seriously I don't think I've wanted something more than for this person to talk to me... :/ Lol pathetic
A person who doesn't know the history of the last 3,000 years wanders in the darkness of ignorance, unable to make sense of reality. -Goethe
I thank God for the newly unexpected that happens in life....& those who have contributed to make new life possible......
BTW: it is true that the fetus is part of a woman. If it wasn't then it could survive independently.
Everyone should follow cuz he's amazing! AND HE'S ON ♥
I can make it happens...just press the buttons that's covered by a sign saying to use the buttons on the otha side
I may be in denial, but maybe the headache I've had for a week has absolutely nothing to do with finally developing Austin allergies.
I meant to say ..... FUCK YEAH #KNICKS !
#CF be free, be strong, be long. Never stop.
It's a good thing no one else is working upstairs today - I would be the only one enjoying this karaoke party.
Good to know. Thanks!
What a festival! It was hard to find time to tweet because of all the great music one after the other, so amazing!
You ruin everything for me
Today at noon EST was "last call" for applications to the Harvard Business School Class of 2014. Good luck to all candidates.
I'm all about the ground beef tacos & burritos. Simple but the greatest. Everything there is good tho...you?
I *actually* sighed with sadness when I read you didn't have them again today. Dinner?
Heading to the Lincoln Park farmers market.
Just heard from an artist who creates scrimshaw art from old pool cue balls made of ivory. Fascinating! She is sending photos - snail mail!
yeah, we've all been thinking how un-American you are, just didn't know how to tell you.
Port of Call has some amazing dishes and would make for a great date spot! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!!
Hey, #abq #architects and #planners: where are you? We want to follow you!
WOW - just watched Miss Representation trailer on you tube - Have you seen it?
u may wish to change settings on ur software to allow more time- u r followed.
Free samples check out Max Muscle ABQ
Just saw Ralph Wilson stadium in Orchard Park, I have to admit, there is nicer high school stadiums in Texas.
Pitt Psych Dept.: "Bomb threats obvious unresolved Oedipal complex, resulting in latent manifestation of Cathedral phallus-envy."
nun. Wass good
I just wish I still had that one person I can go to for everything, the one I could call mine !
Klay Oven with the family.
Ha..Aye Take My HeadPhones Cuz My Other Ones Fuck't Up
People can judge me People can shatter me, But when I am in 2 right feet Anything is possible I'm a skyscraper
You are so correct, With God all thing are possible. With God for you who coud stand against you?
Copyright issues for the arts community, lesson: consult a lawyer
#SJSharks Clowe will score first...from the bench!
you welcome
#NICKICOMEBACK Like asap!!
lol what up doe
The Casual Geographer on the air next! follow the show
The pursuit of approval usually ends in disaster. -Chris Morris
Megan McGlover changed my life! She is the 1 4 U! I live N. ATL & She'll comw 2 U,the best2 both of you,Marie M.
I'm going to check out hunger games and I'll probably leave pissed off because it's not as good as the book, even though I never read it
haha, the mustache suites you very well(:
Need to get retired/ soon to retire tchrs heavily involved-they see & know it & aren't at risk.
#ASTD2012 James and I each won a kindle fire from franklin covey. I am twitterpated!
lol I hope you like my time line
Lovin some life right now...gearing up for another weekend of shows-BH
Couples are eagerly booking rooms/pass for the next Ski the Slopes, get yours too. Spaces are limited to 80 couples. ski.swingfestevents.com
Good morning ladies & gents, from the last check in looks like #roaddron has crossed into IL, good luck kids IL is a strange plaee
Nice to officially meet you today!
it isn't and there's nowt wrong with that I have loads of spots too..
Our silence can keep us isolated.
I'm working on the saving part. Thanks!!
We're here in DC for the Engaging Adolescent Males in Teen Pregnancy Prevention Forum. Follow #TPPBoys for updates!
hey!!! How are you?
and we <3 you for it!!
Awesome tune! (and appropriately titled).
Do work.
i mean shiiiit atleast i use protection.. so it shouldnt be no prolem.
This Follow Friday with Bobby Convey sounds like it's going to be a classic... #Bubblebath?
lmao. I hate that teacher. she's a bitch
If I am told I will see a movie at 12:35 and at 12:38 there are still... Wait nevermind.
i'm under attack from three wonderful pups :)
send me a pic to my phone
As much as I pay for daycare I should get an early pick up voucher whenever I pick my daughter up early
where are ya off to girl?
Not sure if its Orwellian or simply a way to cut down on ad noise while interacting more personally with your own electronic village
I ran outside to talk to meis and a jogger ran by me so I screamed like a little girl causing her to scream as well. I'm so stupid.
I'm still flabbergasted that the #Republican party chose as their nominee a man who gained prominence by denigrating conservative doctrine.
Hah! RP just threatened to kick their asses on a bike ride. Love him.
Happy Birthday to team M.E.!!! <3 ya'll
let's solve this like mature adults..hold your breath under water forever, i mean afterall, you are a fish..right?
Nothing concrete yet, though dreams are firmly lodged.
Quite. I hope he's still researching this data.
Coopers did it again...great BBQ pork!
Dear Pandora, Why must you sneak Journey into every playlist I make?
Next true conservative you need to endorse:
We haven't picked our artists yet. We still need to find a channel and funding. We'll keep in touch, though.
If your BF/GF claims they never look at your twitter, just tweet "#TeamSingle" and wait about 3 minutes!
On top of the world by produced by yours truly is a classic!!
“: Those tweets were dedicated to YOU !! Every last one”
You can't say it to my face cuz you a #coward!!
sure, drop me an email at pjudge at barracuda dot com
What are your feelings on the Oxford Comma?
Thank goodness!
I worked on 2 Academy Award nominated films. #W.E #margincall Go
It took us 10 years to get to the moon and that was easier! Be urgent but not rushed. We MUST get this one right.
Its snowin like cray cray outside & its cold a boul of soup for dinner would be nice :)
Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos tells reporters these have been his best two years in Albany
I enjoy a range of music too, but love alternative. Nothing can make me get up and dance faster then Blue Monday!
LOL...it is rough but I know you can do it. But if you're limiting it to seafood, it may not be too bad.
God Night Brody (:
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Why you gotta bring your kid out when he's sick? You're just asking for a fussy night.
#BeatTheHeat... Let's keep it going. #Faith #Knicks !
Using Sass mixin and loving it
OMG!!! Right now, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
i give u one with no screaming needed ;)
Thanks for the RT :) Hope you are having a fabulicious Tuesday!
Maya Rudolph is married to Paul Thomas Anderson and that is just the best kind of fact.
Lo siento, no tengo un facebook: (
um… they do already? :P The null hypothesis is a thing after all.
Same to you! But I hope to see you at the Networking Reception later!
RT : Dude. is bringing me a milkshake. LIke, to my door. Just 'cause. (wow, thats service)
Cut the man some slack. He's a man. He doesn't recognize important days
Thank you for following.
How high can u go!
I feel you on that one I love me some mint condition.
FLYERS SUCK! Oh and good morning guys!
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :) :)
Coming to Nola tomorrow, can't wait!
I have a gaggle of Docs on speed dial. Most carry knives.
Need More followerss !
June 3rd to the 8th or so
im jealous!!! hahaha
Omg, why am I crying?
Big kudos to for wearing socks today.
yeah u r!
Happy Birthday Madison! :)
I don't know lol
thanks for your kind words re: BENT ROAD. LR
I have a weird pain in my right inner thigh area...
kausing kaos will be on very soon be on the look out
My pleasure to help!!!!! Pumped to write it.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 5
A lot of people want me gone... Maybe I will stay to make them all angry.
Here we are, here we are Away again on your star
im hungry
C'mon Deputy...
no its true :(
Pretty Fun Divertito Options/Blessings
Yes they are. Just 3 episodes per season, but 90 minutes each.
Is it acceptable to put 'The Time Warp' as a skill on my resumé?
lol shut it
everybody needs to drop an eff bomb everynowandthen. I support it! Feel better!
Our Hero is ready for it, and all other suffering, to be over.
It feels god to be home.
damn MCA died..
$2 whiskey Wednesdays at ?
Haven't thought about it. Are you?
#RandPaul's hairpiece can't get any nastier.
I'm a HUGE SJ Sharks fan!! Coolest pumpkin ever!
Car companies have taken over roads from people- even getting jaywalking enforced.
Thanks for the follow! It was great to host you at ASI2010 and will be thinking of you at
According to Siracha Hot Chili Sauce, the translation to Spanish for "hot dog" is "Perros calientes".
NEW MEXICO GUNS WISHING EVERY DAD OUT THERE A SAFE AND HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
Great times interviewing at Fest in Check out our exclusive Q&A w/ DJ Diwon tomorrow
out to the burnie for some odd reason.... rainiy days
I can manage a hug. If I find the cookies, I'll be the one on the news tasering anyone who comes close to me.
the last word was saturday
Happy birthday (:
oh yes! Houses Tweeting for the good of their communities!
SLA DGI: what do you think about SLA alignment and the proposed new name ASKPro??
a little Photoshop goes a long way, like Botox (also not a verb but widely overused)
I'm free if that helps =]
license plate says stunner # 1 superstar (:
Love the quote on your profile brother!
Also, referrals +royalties! refer any customer and YOU get paid with every order!
I like them! Did you do them yourself?
Way to make everything worse
you will meet him someday , your wish is going to come true ! <3
Watching Americas got talent!(:
Rise and grind west coast ! All roads lead to Miami . Hit me if your in South Beach !
"Dont worry the building you are in can take an F5 tornado " --Michael Mares, CollectionsWeb RCN Workshop
I was here over the weekend with my hubby: we had an amazing time! But: right, little time during week...dommage!
Oh Boy...Shit is about to go down and it's not good...It's not good at all.
I blast One Direction when I want to motivate myself to do something.
uh oh. Don't like to hear that.
aw, thanks!!! Night!
Lactantius~ Where fear is present wisdom cannot be.
Can these #NY #Playoff games start already??
"'This is no flattery: these are counsellors / That feelingly persuade me what I am.'" - Duke Senior on the weather, AYLI 2.1.9-11
We are at Sunset and Valley View today And Closed on Friday July 3rd! Elvis dog-Banana, peanut butter and bacon. Its a favorite!
|#quotes We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Are you in Vancouver at ? Stop by and visit the IEM booth! We are located in the Exposition Hall at Booth
I get it, I hate the wave and other dumb ass up in your face "cowboy" fans. But fans should be allowed to have SOME fun!
I don't wanna be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately.
The best comment I read in C# code today: "This code was generated by a tool." Yes it was, Visual Studio, yes it was.
Feeling awesome 👑 >>>>> Not feeling awesome 🚽
How do I know someone is a charismatic speaker? When they start speaking, I stop what I am doing, take off my glasses, look up and...
follow me back
austin and alley (: x
Getting ready to street race... AYE! <3 Josh Vs. Christian. I shall win! Ahah
Anytime next week! I have a slow rest of the month, finally. Looking forward to relaxing and prepping for the new year.
What's the #Yankees payroll again?
itchy-new-tattoo-phase
Don't lie? He exonerated himself by lying & sticking to an obviously false story. How can you tell him not to lie when it worked?
Thanking God for all things in my life! Sometimes all u need to say is THANK YOU!!!
Last week was a great one for stocks...it's about time
im good!!! I know its been too long
I really love the red hot chili peppers
Jalepeno burgers, thunder and good friends!
With Azra at Sake House! We just ordered Baby Ocotopus and Spicy Scallops this should be interesting
Hey ! I am interested in #SWMilwaukee! Let me know how I can help AND participate again!
I love cookies.
Favorite song (so far) from #casehistories: Mary Gauthier's Mercy.
Thank you for following us! LOVE your crepes and waffles!
Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person. ~ Dale Carnegie
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Californians are the largest consumers of turkey in the United States
you wouldn't have to pay her that much, she's the kind of Wedding Singer that is on the dollar menu.
worth the awkwardity I suppose haha
I have $5.00 in quarters.
you are ON!
Sounds like subject matter for a countray song.
Government procurement plans will hit small firms
about to drop a new video
#PCA is making me sound a little lesbian oh well
I follow my own lead
Imagine an application that you could actually vote for President, House Representative or Senator from any place, no poll location needed..
so hungry!!
whats good sexy
Work with GT Events! DM us or contact us and see that we are a full service agency with much to offer!
My mom last night: "gangsta rap? Ive never heard of that. Have YOU heard of that?" Still cannot stop laughing.
yea i am
Celebrate the 1st annual, Pittsburgh Craft Brew Festival, beginning April 20th. Sounds like fun!
your mind is my favorite mind. no lies. i'd probably trade my picture for it.
What has been your favorite Skillshare class, so far? And why?
It is policy to ask for lost equipment back as Sec of State Clinton stated and defense. Dont expect it back.
omg u are on a plane with jb
For club INFO contact
Great site!
I don't think 's 11:11 should be a single.... It should be an ALBUM!!!
0000001000000110101001101010011 We poisoned their asses.
"My uncle started linkedin"
thoughts on where carlton mitchell fits into receiver depth chart when healthy?
Its better to waste money than time. You can always get more money. -Hal Sparks
You're in my family circle. Just so you know.
happy birthday to the funniest, sweetest drummer ever! i hope i get to meet you one day. i hope you have the best birthday ever!<3
were straight ' .
Ya Mama
D: what a jerk.
Going to The Avengers because it's important to keep my sex appeal alive.
so did i.. ahha
His mouth should consult his brain next time.
ha! two baltimore guys on the team, so it's a given...lol
Yeah, of course. That is my major criticism of it--lack of diversity. But I'm still not sure that these girls are
Am I the only one that doesn't understand Tyler Perry's humor? Laugh tracks are awful.
: charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!
For my #ivf tweeps....did your RE ask you to go on BCP the month before the ivf cycle?
record store day one week away!
Perfect description. I have those days, too. Not today, but not infrequently.
Why were you calling 911?!
At a coffee house with friends. A guitarist is performing and I can only describe its as Huck Finn-esque. I like it!
You are the land. The land is you. -Merlin
Going to class at 6 pm is always such a struggle
Lisa's am life's web
Thank you too! I look forward to reading your tweets!
Friend or Foe isn't a essay question...
anti-social networking
Im with you, but if the Yankees start blowing saves in september, might go the other way
Wow, the improved internet speed even makes cnn's mobile site tolerable.
soo IMPROV WAS AMAZING LAST NIGHT. I love every single one of those seniors, and I can't even fathom that it was my last show with them ):
Daiimn he got all the bitches haha
"Oops." "Oops?" "Yeah, forgot to lock it to the pad. Off it goes. Sorry."
Can't wait for Hector to teach me how to say 'Goalie has herpes!' in Spanish!!!
ha! Agreed!
epic, soon my device will be full of different app/tweak/theme stores with no room for any of the tweaks xD
I know but damn at least I thought there was gonna be a good OT
this is about the 7th time ive changed my background this week
Hope you all have a great day. I'm at work getting my ass kicked
#WhenIWasLittle my mother would always make me mac & cheese when i was sick
Dance Class Alert!!! ---- Do to the Holiday, there will not be Class 2night! See you next Monday Night!!!
Well... i guess im single for the night... so u can sit right on my middle finger for the night.
I have to try this! I will let our buddies hear about this and maybe you guys can collaborate!
throwin a party tonight at a friends house... Lets make this happen
Here at Peter piper pizza with my friends :/ bored
u are clearly loosing ur senses
It's tough. I love Stephen King, but wondering if I should read this classic of his 1st & then listen to it. I can't decide!
sorry! how was it??
Beyond the Summit: An #Everest Adventure and Romance is now available free on the #Kindle Lending Library and for purchase at $.99
We may be seated farthest from the VIP table at the Gershwin Awards dinner, but we have been able to greet every performer as they pass by.
Start your weekend early with art, wine, and Pacific sunset views. Admission is FREE from 5-8pm today and Claire's has happy hour specials!
Wow, is going on tour but the one date they are skipping for a college happened to be my date, GA. That is depressing.
When you hide stuff people already know you look stupid
well he wasn't russian and those stars look kind of fruity ;)
Thanks boo!!!
mexican people and black people are bad bargaining chips, nobody pays their ransome lol
overusing hash tags to sound cool.
Mans got to make a living
Hey, I think our premiums are going down already.
Josh "The Little Cowboy" Tomlin escapes trouble in the first with only giving up 1 run with the bases loaded and no outs.
Working on our weekly #miami restaurant reviews! #delicious!
yeah, Joan Rivers.
What do you want us to discuss on oue show next week? You tweet, we discuss. Get blunted with us.
and I should do a song together...I just gotta learn how to rap first
I love watching the Cat In the Hat!:-) one of my fav movies
Thanks for following, super couple! :-)
So guess who finally downloaded the twitter app?
Idk it was like past my ass now its above my bra strap.
ooh yeah of course i barely know(no offense) i mean if i liked you as more than a friend i would tell u. But yeah.
I hereby declare myself the World Champion Hutt-Puncher in
Just a few more scenes of this "short" movie to go. It has truly been an adventure. Lots of great on-set stories...some might never be told!
Getting my prom dress made was a good decision, I have seen too many of the same dresses
Its okay to have fears, make mistakes, give up on some thing. If being what you are makes you happy, Just Be YOURSELF!
Check out this pic that we just got of our buyer Lear hanging out with his buddy Ben from ESPN 103.3 before the Mavs game the other...
perfect! Lol :) that's my birthday week! :)
RIP "Disco Queen" Donna Summer
Why am I not surprised that almost every negative Black Friday experience occurred at a Wal-Mart
It's just not in me to deceive another, like most... I guess I'm cut from a different cloth. (the right one... Smh.)
Are you a local #sandiego #lajolla company that is interested in promoting a successful campaign with ? DM me your email!
You're so informative and make such fantastic things!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. ~Albert Einstein
And if you ask me if I love him, I'd lie. 💜
How old are you? How old am I? # dealing with these chicks playing on my phone!
Winter Farmers Market located at Carmel's City Center, Rangeline Rd. and City Center Drive.
Her twitter is :)
Can I get a RT for being a huge Sharks fan? I have a Joe Pavelski jersey! And you threw me a ball once! And it's my birthday!
oh well i forgot about you, and you forgot about me too!
my followers are winning.. that means one in paticular
whale i hate them. i am excited to leave.
Way to go barry!
Jen in San Diego. PR consultant. 18+ years in the biz.
you're so freaking nerdy, get a life.
uggh too many cashews
"A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her."-W.C. Fields
aww, got invited to taco tuesday, but I'm still at work.
Tornadoes, It's the beginning of the end.
I have seen great birdies & taken mediocre photos. I need a bigger lens.
I know I just realized I had 100+ followers :P
hahahahahah when are you going to be?
The Tim Tebow Show is OVER. Lol
so whats for lunch then? lmao
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
Alright. I have a new artist. With the name of . This girl right her CAN sing! Meet me tomorrow morning.
The stupidity of your remark, yeah, painfully
I only bleed benjamin green
If we do nothing but focus on being a talent magnet for our #AMA chapter, we can have the biggest impact
ROAD TRIP!!
It is. I think baby faces are fucking adorable as hell :p
My time at the Passport Agency downtown went by fast and I managed to bring all my documents with me. Whew!
ah nigga chillen wishing i could watch you in da playoffs!
I tricked you to fall in love, little boy; I played with you, till I was done, like a toy!
shorts my man. and plenty nikes
messed up here tonight is sold out! woo hoo!
I'm sitting in this wardrobe thinking to myself: where in the hell is fucking Narnia at
Ahh when do little kids ever be quiet?!
mobbin deep, to a badass night, turning off the phone.
The Soviets also thought that life ended in a cold dark grave ... easier to be rational ...
i almost died yesterday
Im as free as a bird now.. And this bird you cannot change!
For anyone creating graphics or products for kids, our new "Kids' Inspiration: Picture Books & Illustrations" report is awesome!
We want to know how we can improve our #beer! Should we keep improving the old ones or give you new beers? How about a Chocolate Porter?
... Someone is dangerously close to not getting a
You are EXACTLY correct. Pierce should not be in the game.
I tried to spoil her but she yelled at me not to and that was
well i hope they can't find you that far away then!
I wish
will you drive with me to lubbock to see wcar omm mmi and texas in july?
The whole point of conservative activism is to get conservatives elected. Don't get distracted, do work.
How bout them Astros...
"TBS. Very Funny"...oh wait...minus the fact that George Lopez is on there.
Did i miss sum??!! RT : Bay need to hurry up and call me back! Smh My joe my joe *Evette Voice* lol
Thanks for the RT!
followback is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
CHEESE BREAD is for now! $6.99 delivered. BOOM.
Unfortunately, Minal, these kinds of stories are too common when it comes to women employees
Couple with extreme PDA on the el. Come on, this isn't Risky Business...
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar! CodyJasper.com
What a freaking day ....
We had such a great time with you in Nashville. Thanks for coming down & for being so awesome!
Amen Big Phil!
Today is National Tortilla Chip Day
Just got a glimpse into 's work notebook and saw a drawing of his feelings. Keep it up Chris!
Hey Does Superman like snow? for & and a #NBA draft pick could help
Checks under Brettman's duvet. Nope, you're safe as houses.
one more goodluck before the haters jump in. Really wish #bbn had ya good luck
Abstract accepted to 4S/EASST! Now to figure out if/how I can afford to go to Copenhagen.
“: TY. Have a wonderfully artistic weekend! So much to do in #stpete!” U2 best city in
Awww I've been herring the sweetest birthday calls from my friends and family... Thank you so much!
Just curious -- lack of electric outlets at the Glendale Americana location near the cafe meant to prevent loitering? :)
Sorry, I parked like an asshole today
The feeling is mutual, Lisa!
11 33 here and I'm not tired when I should be
Come meet cochlear implant users and learn more about hearing loss at a free #hearingloss seminar bit.ly/hearingtour
it wasn't pretty but #Sixers got it done! Let's see you Boston peeps in #Philly!
i love grace
Watching the Japan tsunami footage... Devastating they say it's 8.8... Puts your blessings in prospective.
no prob bob. I'll eat reuben soup with you anytime :)
Headed south to talk technology and vino with TJ Rodgers at winery.
today at 1we'll be at the clackamas water park celebrating em's oldest son turning 15. you should come get wet and stuff.
jinxing me!!!
I get attached to people who care even a little about me... A broken nail is as painful as a broken heart... Yes, I'm a girl!!!!
any time:)
I need advice BAD
hey you!! hows life?
we all play SYNTH
heh, he did that badly last year?
I just made an executive decision to not go to work today! Still in bed watching Big Texas marathon on my ipad!
Personally and professionally, ask the next question. You'll build stronger relationships and codify better ideas.
dont u love when random assholes call you a white bitch?
so its 5am and i woke up just to tweet you
Dear world of "following" me: My kyna email is in transition. If you're trying to send something use . NoSpamPls
For those with curly hair: Do people treat you differently when your hair is straight? If so, how?
please follow me
Sweet pic! We'd love to hear more about your group!
Poetry readings at a bar? I think I'm in love. #mamascrowbar with
Let's go heats! Huge dunk by lebron!!
its been too long fellas
That would RULE!
Gabe York Led Adidas Nation in Scoring this weekend
Have a great weekend. Heading to Preakness this weekend? Take a taxi. Lost items or comments let me assist. Let me know cab color or number.
I'm working 1130-6...come see me?
Hey girl... You think this Anzalone stuff is a publicity stunt? I'm trying to figure out what's really going on.
#NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.
Misread a citation. I though Chris Walken wrote a study on Armenia. I thought, "Damn, he's so talented." Nevermind.
lets see how this day goes !!!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Good style.
Triple double watch for Rondo: 7 points, 10 rebounds, 15 assists.
I would like to know the results of this homestead thing myself...
Craziness in Culver City...headed to the Pubhouse, Dresden, Domination in Los Feliz... Join the Madness!!
It was great talking to you today! See you in July!
yet still not scrapped... “: Bravo's new "Gallery Girls" reality show renamed "Modern Girls"”
PEOPLE ARE LAUGH SO HARD CAUSE THIS BITCH IS SO FUNNY
Yes... we will be pouring #HopSlam on Monday. We love you too Cheers!
no need to cry, we'll be back next week!
Do any of you use twitter? If so we would love to follow you! Tell us your twitter name. We are "InfinitiDenver".
got it
A2: That people in recovery become even better people than ever been before!
after that rosenburg body.... O-red is a problem.... Verb needs this though so we shall see.
To glad my moma buying me groceries today
IS FOLLOWING ME¡¡¡ I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK YOU SO MUCH (:
#TurnToYou is such a cute song I love it it :) <3 it just shows how much Justin loves his mom & how much she means 2 him :D <3 <3
Happy Friday! Rock out this weekend!
There was an Angels no-hitter thrown the day I was born. Mike Witt on September 30, 1984
whats wrong wit you
I just made a scene in the key bank lobby
DESPITE LATE GOAL BY RANGERS, CAPS HOLD OFF TO HEAD TO GAME 7!
are u sure u don't want to go to JCS?! Lol
"There is no water in Russia, there is only vodka!" we still need to make our trip to Russia.
If you are reading this right now : Have a good morning- no matter what is going on in your
I hate the point of the night where the only new tweets I have are links from the New York Times. Makes me feel unsocial.
My only sewing needle broke off..... Motherfucker.
Fear and Lathing in Las Vegas: a Gonzo carpenter and his attorney go on a drug-addled woodturning binge
The video game analogy is a game that starts easy to engage and teach a novice, then gets harder as he/she improves
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in "The Last King of Scotland"
Although I appreciate free food, someone needs to make me stop eating it
if starks is hurt, i'm going to lose it.
Ayo he is ill
Savings Tip -Turn off the tap when brushing your teeth. Keeping it running can waste around 6 litres per minute
lost sum respect for coldplay
Slowly but surely I'm making my way in the twitter world! Life is great right now! RT if u agree...n if u don't FYL!
lounge tonight is always #crazy, #sexy, #cool. Join us at the for some good vibes.
I love how I can feel like such an outsider even in my own family's home.
BigH Mantra: Today I celebrate the source of my abundance & give thanks for its continued manifestation. Have a Powerful day!
WOW MANCHERSTER CITY!!
Huge project launch happening later today.. client is extremely pleased and sent the best testimonial ever to the team!
I have a new phone so text me first
Nice! Bring it on! ;)
download it pussy... Good luck on bio btw kill it
Oh what would I do without jersey shore.
Just April 19 in Charlottesville. But might be in Boston in April as well!!
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. Follow back
thanks for posting this! I didn't realized they were starting back today. I will definitely bike down.
"and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday"
SWOT analysis to determine WHY your program is or should be online.
Basel til tomorrow (23rd) then back to NY - Sure, I'll email ya. Is that really you JP? ;-)
Ha Ha Ha Ha stop playin wit me so much
Google Voice translations never failed to amuse me. "I can't believe this is pure calling with that polarity."
got an invite to Stevie's party in the 19th by Dee! I wanna come. Trying to book flight now :)
Did little Lil Jon (Lil'er Jon?) grow up bragging to teachers that one day he'd be the greatest "LET'S GO!" screamer of all time? Yeah!
Busy day of coaching calls :) How is your day going?
We're hiring a Systems Engineer to design, plan, execute and install the current infrastructure to support new applications & technologies
Hahaha! RT I think you should go for it! I can say "I knew you when...."
If you didn't get a chance to stop by this past weekend, no worries. Hit us for our Kimchi Bowl lunch today!
In the fourth straight start in which Sabathia goes eight innings, he punches out ten #Rays tonight.
I know what you mean, I have to live with 6 younger siblings.
We as a company will continue to reach out to the elderly and those with special needs. The Golden Rule applies for sure!
Paperwork is hard but if I want to get paid I have to.
You are so fake
Follow us on twitter
would she walk around the neighborhood in a bikini?
finally! The meaning of Squishy!
Buy low, sell high
Eating throughout the day is key! every 2-3 hours to keep your metabolism up and keep your body from storing fat!
Good Morning Ppl! :-)
Ml. Syed Asghar Hussain (R), would go hungry himself & instead feed the poor kids & even stray animals of his village.
It's curious how one's own old files can seem like mementos from another life.
Lol so Jamal and his friend just left lol the had me rolling when my daddy came in they got all scared
Even though we haven't spoken in 2 months, I still miss him like crazy -_-
Should be amazing second half!
Extremely impressed by the National History Day papers that I'm reading for tomorrow's competition!
I forgot to do my English essay /:
Woop! J'ADORE to the hilt :)
- you are welcome John.
- imma show you how to make your man say oh [;
maybe try pearescope. we'll push notify you only when you meet a friend of friend for the first time.
Any good placenta recipes?
“: A lot of females wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with Mr. Player, Mr. Wrong, and Mr. Ain't Shit.”🙌
Louisiana's crowned King of Seafood had to doff his chef's hat to a colleague from Alabama.
Hmm. The boys want to eat Golden Corral after wrestling weigh-ins.
i recently found out that Siam is today's Thailand - gotta love History !
ha I forgot how you are the ultimate sports guy. You always know what's going on. Who's doing the best in the AL East? Boston?
I'm going to try an make it down for at least a beer....
great song!
Useful firehose of info on configuring, modifying, testing Harvester. Again, must get slides.
Sick, sun burnt, and running on 3 hours of sleep. :(
Thanks for RTs and Mts and
I love the way you make me laugh
IF I TAKE U OUT OF THE PICTURE REAL NIGGAS WON'T MISS YA!
We appreciate your support; look forward to working with you to cut poverty in half in DC
going to the avengers! all are welcome
Am I the only one that thinks its freezing outside?
Get in and get out with that W Paul!!!
Enjoy a #nudist special getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
haha nice one april ;)
can I just say it was amazing :) & in 3D...i felt like I could touch the Avengers! hahaha, you MUST see it!
Thank you Mr. President.
So im gonna watch grave encounters right now lol
hey and I are on our way
Getting my house in order
can I get a RT from my favorite ESPN on air personality? Thx, you rock Beadle!
I'm the one that always has to squeeze btw the kiddos~! lol
we'll be back!
I don't think you do actually because then you're super brave! But with a dead husband.
Seven kids in minivan nailed for street racing
"how bluegrass music destroyed my life" fuck yeah
Thanks for coming out - glad you had a good time! #LALA cc
Trust is something earned over time it's not given to you right then and there... Ugh having trust problems right now :/
Caught a girl looking at my ass while I was going up the stairs xD..... Awkward!
#mlearnclinic , how to decide between mlearning or elearning? Activity,project, and content dependent.
I wish I would of paid more attention in this class :/
Torn between setting up early for a show and waiting around to see if UPS delivers the new stickers first... hmm!
ps - who is your icon of? could always read a new manga and the look of perplexed disgust on his face is highly entertaining. :)
great to find you on twitter, Mr. March! Still one of my fave bucks (even in a visitor uni)
well thats good! At least it wasnt one of your irish ones!
Fake friends who use you then accuse you of shit...not worth the effort. F eM' ALL!!!!!!
“: Maybe I need to take up the invites I get to come out”>>uh yea!!!! Lol
lc v-day organizer verbally abused her directors... my heart goes like </3 and then my temper goes like solar.
Life is too precious, don't destroy it.
i'm ready to go right now!
ha ha I don't playy you feel me..!
WHO STOLE ME XBOX.
It's not even october yet, and we're already buying Christmas decorations. We're sad, sad people.
Weave Alert! Weave Aint All That. It looks Nice But That Shit Is A Killa it itches to much. But pick the right color wit yo skin tone.
For the first time in a long time, u really sounded sincere... Should I believe you..?
Evan Roth, an Award-Winning Man of Many Tags - New York Times
I forgot I brushed my teeth then drank lemonade. iiiiccckk!! D:
Question-- When did pajamas become a fashion statement? ATL lets get it together!
your name was trending on , and I got so excited for you! Apparently you're kind of a big deal in golf ;)
#palepeopleproblems people thinking your white .
Or Librarian. RT : Two greatest phrases for any entrepreneur: 1) "I don't know." 2) "But I will find out." (via )
“: Who wants a Shout Out? :D” me please!!<3
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1-Warren Buffett
Oh American Pie.
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my number. So call me maybe
better hit the gym and take advantage of the extra testosterone.
Music fuels me. I don't know where I'd be without it
Myspace is alive and well:)
Save money and schedule both spring and fall swamp cooler services at once. Albuquerque call 719-217-8546
Anybody at #TEDxWDC want to "independently organize" a way to support the Treyvon Martin rally at 2pm? Wish I could be in 2 places @ once...
THE BIGGEST STUPID HOE AWARD GOES TO......
Going Ice Skating with Whuddup?
hi Ralph! The lad has been jamming w/his electric cello at school
Just told my mom I need to be put on Adderall. Her response 'no you dont because obviously you don't have a hard time getting it.'
It is impossible to look cool running for an airplane.
haha i dont think you should tell people that
Fuck you #googlechrome Im going back to firefox! -.-
we live in a negative world if only we had more positive ppl wit more positive thinkn wit more positive words to spread
If you are struggling with the grammar concepts, please see me asap! It gets more difficult from here.
Sweeney Thank you for having your Mother's Day Cooking Party at Piccolo Chef!
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got.
Tillett observes that organizations are "terrible" at "deprovisioning access"
eleportay is a great word in pig latin.
Air permit means that much closer to jobs for Hawaii Island — 30 or 40 permanent jobs; 80 construction jobs for a year.
driving up Downtown Miami, starting a SUPER weekend
Anyone want a free pizza
That awkward moment when you keep talking & you don`t realize your friend walked away.
that's good :) good luck
Can someone please ask JLo and Pitbull to stop making music: a) together & b) separately? The world will thank you for it.
Thanks for the retweet!
If The Game Aint Money Then I Aint Playing...
A bad peace is better than a good war.
PLEASE #FF my duo ya'll!!!!! help us get more followers! RT RT
lol I still don't get your crush on pau
Please pray for Lynn as she awaits tests results. She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
Is there anyone HUNGRY today? We serve breakfast asll day. Fresh hot wings, ribs polish boyy the list goes on and on. If you dont see it ask
We may have enjoyed it more than you! You made me laugh a lot. Happy 4th to you as well.
Arrived home late last night and decided not to go to bed so we (almost) watched the sun come up!! I love nights like that..
Goal of the Day: The holidays are here. Think carefully about what folks may want-remember it's the thought and not the $ spent that counts.
RT : It's finally May! #yayy :)
"shadowy global enterprise"? wonder how many minutes you spent pondering the authenticity of that little discursive regime.
such handsome boys^0^ x
We are to close of a family..
I like eating soup. It tricks me into thinking I'm in a ski lodge and winter isn't over yet.
..the end. You have to be happy about that =) I'm sure you didn't appreciate Cena bleeding but Lesnar was bleeding too lol.
+1 8) RT Totally! RT : Would love to see a crossover event between #sosea and
we out?!
hey Justine can you follow me
#PDX's Ad Fed review of #SuperBowl commercials was great food for thought. 's #Chrysler spot is our vote for #1. Epic message.
I Literally LOVE I Highlt Recommend You To Follow Them! Even Get There Tweets Sent To Your Phone! :-)
im not allowed my dad said u can give yr number to yr frnds but yr on website....i want to give u :( but my dad :$
Ahh. Like the memories of our bottomless cheese & sausage tour on Old World 3rd Street? ;)
Id rather be judged for telling u the truth, than regret telling u a lie &see u get hurt.
ive never been there. I thought you meant "so you a so called Mahomie " xD
My tummy hurts I'm throwing up I hush hope I'm not the
You had me at
Totally lost my second week of Thanks #ArianFoster!?!
beautiful version, but I find it rather melancholy?
Hey what does a full time innovator make? I'm job hunting.
How long has No.7 been in FtGreene? Spicypickled pork w/onions, scrambledeggs, rice, cremefraiche. Best afternoon (2nd)breakfast in forever.
Listening to Alfred Street service "Get the courage to do things differently in 2012. Everywhere your feet go, God is with you!"
Thank gosh for fast play on disney movies !
I think we can all agree that the woman clipping her nails on the airplane is a sociopath
I dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow
love it!
Newt or Ron? Who will it be?
The more people talk about you the more I want you.
Also....someone complained on my FB timeline about finishing an 8 page paper tonight. Dude....we did that in high school.
no not you
New location! Come visit our kiosk in Town Square (now near Sephora)! New super cute cell phones cases! Get 'em while they last! <3
. said: So sad about HBO's #weightofthenation and #APA #fathating agenda et al. in this country.
Oh no! Where are you? We have a delivery service too!
Everyone on my team including coaches probably have a bad perception about me and prom last night. Lol didn't even do nothing
Oh boy....Eli is awesome...but SNL is gonna suck. Just saying.
SHOUTS OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!! MAKE YOUR SELF KNOWN
Must DVR the Bachelorette tonight! , you excited? Happy mothers day btw! xo :)
Mimi:did someone paint the sky? Me:no Mimi:how'd it get so blue? Donovan:we trust banks with all our $-but they chain their pens? #I♥MyKids
Seriously though, I don't want to sit here eating and watching movies by myself. I'm sure I have other friends lol
Join us to make calls with to turn out voters against Brian Bilbray tonight! 5:30pm, Hilton Bayfront, Room Sapphire L
Out for the night with you know it's going to be crazy!
We're with you! RT : No, really, I'm going #running any minute now.
Lovie Smith should quit and focus on his career as DayQuil spokesman... appropriate as he's always in a coma.
no YOU'RE my role model!!!! Frickin Sam I haven't seen you in 17 years!!!!!!!! I need to see u!!!
followed :D
Amazing weekend with my sister! I'm happy.
Here’s your reminder: Taxes are due next Tuesday, April 17. “Like” this if you are procrastinating and filing this week.
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
Damn Friday night was wild as fuck..I needed that. School tomorrow tho -__-
Tuts+ Premium is the more start-to-finish training, where net.tutsplus is little tutorials on how to do specific things
The less you know the better..
Just woke up from a slightly too-long nap and I don't feel terrible.
dear come to Dubai! Now!! Xoxoxo
firee job on the "Must Be The Feeling" Remix. Shit bangs xD
"SWAG you're it!" on about Hello, World. We Are, Long Beach State!!!!!
Central Florida has a history of racial antagonism & inequality. Time has changed the area but not the people.
Money's the leash, drag a bitch by her dog collar
typical launching issues it would seem
So lack of concern that we (collectively) show 4 troops, saving ourselves @ expense of our souls, will indeed harm us all.
GRABBING THERE NUTS>>>>
aaawwww & I wish I Had a dog -_-
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
line all the way to clever bottle - crazy
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
ha that is interesting, as we talk about the police make their decisions and then courts decide if it will go fwd. I dont think
<3 RT Bought shoes for a wedding this wknd, already hate them. I hate most shoes.
Now what??
What a day to find out I have a hole in my shoe. Soggy sock. :(
you love that too, Lmao!!!
Yes, I do not
Yep. She's in Boulder and I live in Denver but they're close enough. It would be great to put a face to a Twitter handle!
Why the fuck is Rondo shooting fadeaways with a minute left!!!
Someone should tweet me! :)
Setting up a new Web page. We'll see how it works out.
Top of the morning, God bless
are AWESOME! Nuf said
i would but i dont know where any r:)
can you try logging in now please?
RT : "Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?" ~Rumi
thnks x the follow
yeah... it was lots of fun despite the studying :-)
Damn, thats real
Awesome #Bulls game!!! Congrats to #JohnLucas the MVP.
Father: Why did you put a toad in your sister's bed? Son: I couldn't find a spider.
49ers D was clutch.
~9 out of 10 Hispanics have access to the Internet, when extended family, work, school and public places are included.
Morning Tweets x
If he does not resign, the rc church will eventually implode, Irl is now a post rc society.
Even the scrubs bustin ass.
U guys should go to the Atl mixer its thur good look if you do. Networking event. Down town 6-10 I believe.
lol nvm i dont even like jake like that i like cam better how was ur day
Thanks for the follow Proxy! If you need money for growing your business, feel free to post on our site.
thanks we need it! Amie hurt her thumb! Wiki hurt her knee! (Someone stood on her knee!^) hah abiee also hurt her thumb!
haha not sure why that is, and it's been that way for a few months.
black panther rally?
Going to the mall today for a ps3 ya
you are so mean. You douche!
Welcome! RT : San Francisco for the
Congrats to and
We want to know, as well...
Going to see Titanic tonight! (:
RT MATH: mental abuse to humans.
Not sure about "every" creator, but it does seem weird that theaters feel silent on the subjet
LATOYA tweeted to #fb thanks for the support toya
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: "What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for. " --Irish Proverb
we can I'm finna go get first an then whateva
Hey Mike when are you in So Cal next?
Thankyou all for changing profile pic to Tray's pic. This has become a NATIONAL movement bc of YOU! Tray was ALL of our son. GOD BLESS U!
My sombrero is off to the enlightening and entertaining work of the Latino Rebels.
DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater.
jus said "featuring" Rob so fools kno he's really playin keys on it. People were thinkin I jus got a hold of the acapella.
says here lauren heal is "a reporter for The Heartland Institute". Hmm.....
yo i got 3 more #trophies till i get #platinum on
Staying with tonight :)
Celebrating passover with a couple of bacon cheese burgers
im down for it lessgo
Love if you're in love. Cry if you're hurt. Smile if you're happy. Don't grow old. Just grow up, and learn from your mistake.
One health care detail in Ryan budget legislative text not in PDF: If Congress finds deficit neutral way to undo SGR, Ryan can adjust
hello I like the look of ur site having all the links in one place
hey hey hey don't delete please even tho u barely tweet me don't delete your awesome :) <3
(Just wanted to say thanks for the RT. Have a good day.) Your so welcome! Cheers to urs as well! Thanks 4 sharing! Fab idea!!
People call is Valentines Day, I call it Tuesday
Hey fitness friends, any recommendations for #San Diego #bootcamps? Need to get my bride-to-be booty in to shape!
they really are, just refreshing to see someone tell like it is, not blow sunshine... ;)
what's up
Did your little brother win his game?(:
#lib #addy test at 8 pm
he's like a walking strap on that even a Grandmother could love
Time for a reboot me thinks... Let's get some stuff started and going. Come on dude! Let's get to some creating already.
RT : the sun! always a reminder to smile.
u a clown bro ...had me rollin
Listen on reverbnation, either way. Pies gnarly.
hmm that's one way to look at it..,bit harsh lol
have a safe trip. sorry i didn't get to say goodbye, but it was great hanging out with ya!
If you RSVPd for The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik at the APS Museum tonight see you there. We can't wait!
dat is sum crazy shit bra n scary!
I have suggested your ebook to so many photographers this weekend. I hope they buy it. Great information.
RT :Crazy how organized makes me. social media campaign calendar for 2012? um, check
What? Does Canada have King's Dominion? I'm confused. haha
wins a #MomInspired Gift Bag! Congrats! DM your email address to
#ImHappyWhen your happy.
So glad I'm not in calculus.
grinding! What's good?
:) I do enjoy baseball, and have seen an unassisted triple play live! Go Rockies! :)
excellent, I'm looking forward to it!
Very excited that I just arranged to have a speaker from Skype with my AP Gov class on Thurs. re: local Fort Worth gov't!
Fun in NYC! The bartender looks and sounds just like Carmine Giovinazzo from CSI NY.
How cute, brad and zac have matching stocking caps
yep Kim was asking who the rockstars on youtube are and you're definitely one! happy (belated) mother's day to you! :)
IM FINALLY IN SEVEN SPRINGS!!!!! :D
thanks a ton! I had a blast doing that Red Ridinghood design =)
there will be NEW kids waiting around the BLOCK for those burgers!
I can't stop thinking about some fried pickles from ! Once you know they are out there, you can't help but become addicted!
Visiting Austin w/ #UnitedWay of #Texas talking public policy, #aca, #obamacare, and women's leadership.
You're cute. Like really cute. Stay beautiful :D ~~
fucking break the sound barrier and get the fuck out of there.
I say?
did you guys have opinions on the #Redskins picks other than RGIII? I'm curious because you guys never spoke on it.
whoa, that's awesome. I bet you'll get 25k or more downloads tomorrow. Give it a day or two, then raise it to $0.99.
you were thinkin the same thing
I really, really, really like him ^.^ I hope he likes me back :3
Happy Friday as always :)
that is super sweet! Day was pretty good...for a Monday :0)
You're cute ;)
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms in the world... Especially mine :)
click the little box next to the follow button.
The latest on the tricky weather situation on the CBS 58 News at Noon.
I'll take Hopslam. Although I haven't had Hopzilla before.
I feel like the only person severely underwhelmed by it.
Haha RT : shoulda punched that news guy in the eye.... Haha he was being a bully himself
one of the best parts of my junior year was getting close to again. it's hard to find real true friends like her.
Pretty plain that multiple selves are here and tweeting at each other.
so then ur aware how unintentional it was. He tried to jump by him, got caught. Penalty, incidental. That's it. Move on.
All i want is to get one of those 'i love you<21' tweet from .. (; causee' I lovee himm<21 #wontgiveup #muchlove (:
Ebanks is a fucker!!!!!! You act like a little fucking bitch
It's a beautiful day full of sunshine in downtown San Diego. Come by for lunch today, sit out in our patio and let us quell your hunger!
I wish these faggot ass cops will let a nigga live.
We lack good models for how to interact online when we disagree with someone. Leads to greater incivility in class, in world
It's crazy how #socialmedia allows you to watch a big story make it's way through all of the big news outlets.
We missed you last night. It was (and is) a perfect family friendly ride.
will you be the outside reader on my dissertation committee? I'm in the history department.
Listening to while painting. Nice results =]
Hilariously on-point!
Chris Lehmann the man, meet Chris Lehmann the man on paper. Same guy. Duh.
I hope to get my Wings fix this season too... lots of streaming games.
what's wrong??
Great my freaking plans ruined again!! :(
yes definitely! Thanks for sharing!
A lesson that could be reaffirmed for me as well :-) I hope the rest of your apps are going well!
I have not seen you yet. I am waiting for my food
I feel the hate crashing over me so rescue me
I'm dying here!!! When is it gonna be on?! I want it so bad! Plus your late picking me up haha;)
Thank u my friend :-)
: True love pursues a person's lasting good. But the one loved may not care about this good. Thus love may feel unloving.
hope you have an awesome time at the Newseum! I'm here til 6 if you decide to stop by. If not, safe travels!
Getting ready for Avengers open casting call in Cleveland.
Next time it should be "Bond, James Bond".
Responded to FIRE @ 46 Point St, Yonkers, NY 10701. Red Cross auto update.
What is your biggest fear?
that's how I feel about Facebook. So I come to Twitter for a safe haven lol
lol thats the nasty part he was when he saw the lady pinchin his weewee lmao 😂😂😂
You betcha! Not only a great executive officer, but a great spokesperson for Sac State, too.
people should be able to learn about engineering and practical science alongside textual history and literature?
Wher do the uhts chill on mondays
In just over an hour, this month's Hillcrest Town Council meeting begins. Join us at 630pm -- Joyce Beers Comm. Ctr.
I'm with the Aggs.
miss your wonderful and inspiring tweets last couple of days! Be careful and safe in the burg! #Hugs!
My guess is that the hospitals also do basic vet services. They just also do surgery, etc.
Volunteer in Madagascar this summer! Join on this expedition on May 16th. Apply now and get a 10% discount!...
Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF
listening from matt's hometown, middlesboro ky. Wish i was in NOLA or Lex.my 1st title&idk how it gets better
Making a manageable list for the garden store so I don't go insane there.
The Conservatory is open from 10am-5pm Dec 24th!
lol I can't keep waking up like this 😒
Thanks for following! :D
I would love to know <3
ERROR 37 ALL DAY
R u doing concerts in Tokyo or just visiting?
this makes me feel so old..
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep? She reads them pig tales.
im in such a good mood,!!(:
Aaron is a dumb bitch I am not DFMC ... Not even in a million years dude
Is there an app that keeps babies from putting ipads in their mouths?
“: jamming to tempted to touch . Ctfu .” lmao yes I am! 🎧💃
Im full of it , damn I didnt know that ; ^_^ tuff
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion. — GARY VAYNERCHUCK
that one was definitely a crowd pleaser! Thanks for joining us!
its not confirmed that the are coming but us fans need to try and make it happen (:
i have nothing against welfare but swear people go crazy with that EBT card. girls around my age wanna look cute then pull that card out. TF
Investors dumping Japanese co stocks- just when they need help- #capitalism =
Thanks for RT blessing- That was great! :)
Do you know what is more beautiful to look at than the stars in the sky at night? The Answer is: a Beautiful Woman! such as you!
Very cool. Please keep us abreast of the details (seriously)
Good weekend
I LOVE LOVE LOVE marsh wrens!!!!!!!
Why would I follow a married actress? Bring on the single chicks!
transforming from good to great!!! Haha ha
Oh, Lifetime! You've sucked me in again.
it's fantastic! Lots of great energy, particularly in digital sphere. Also great start up culture--fabulous energy! How's Cali?
People who hurt animals should be eaten by bears.
HAPPY FRIDAY twitter world :)
Glad you enjoyed your time at MSP! RT : What a pleasure was last night. Friendly staff, great shops & restaurants.
are you going?
Wishing you had popcorn in your easter basket? Don't worry we will be back open tomorrow!
If you support #UET youre supporting young, dedicated artist who make good music!!!
Exactly. People are "on". Many of them don't want to break "character", either. I am this, you are this. We act like this.
idk, when is that?
Procurement Source Solutions, "Your Avenue to Government Contract Information"
learning about how many of my clients/colleagues are benefiting from government's SCORE program, receiving free business guidance.
So I guess high wind warnings should be listened to. Got really gnarly on the lake and we were forced to turn around :-(
#LivingSocial is getting addicting.... so many things I want to do!!!
Imy to where ya been hiding
Any of my twitter friends own/operate a steadicam? Would love to chat with you if so.
Id jump infront of a train for you. Really you would? -blush- Nah i was just lying. :D:D lmao... ~Cough cough~ thats not funny ~Summer <3~
Tuesday #Training Tip: Encourage your #sales team to learn from their peers. Consider setting up a "mentor" system for best results.
im up too early:/
Great to see w/ a bogey-free 7-under (65) to take the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
It's a BOGO Thursday! Buy One Slice of Dark Mousse Cake and Get a Second One FREE! Just let us know you saw it on Twitter!
Obligatory DONE with year 2 of 5 Ph.D. school years tweet!
Greene County Sheriff Winner: Steven Smith
no way!
Why thank you for following us and telling your friends! Granny Regina
Who the fuck cares if they show skin. Stop fucken hating and assuming she's a hoe. Just don't worry about it! Its not you right? Yesh
The good: had Date Nite for the 1st time in 6 months. The bad: nearly burned down the house by leaving fries in the oven.
What???“: Damn! Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell. I'll be damned.”
On Wednesday, I kicked technology's ass at work. Since then, it's been kicking back. Harder.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt participate in all toasts unless thyself or thy group is honored with a toast.
304 days to go. #EndOfTheWorld Need to get back to my TFM/TSM bucket list
Power Wagging
hopefully that was easy enough? Welcome
Good morning! Happy #FF to you all!
": Whoever dies with the most money, possessions, and power...still dies. It's an empty ambition."
Thanks for visiting!
Just because today is a terrible day doesn't mean tomorrow won't be the best day of your life...You just have to get there.
Yep. it was mine. 1 frame every 5 seconds, all day long. I'll have to edit though. #drydensocial 7000 pictures.
nvm it's not even in the store yet
. underwent successful rt knee surgery for his patellar tendonitis. Expected to make a full recovery & be ready for camp in Oct.
You are a fabulous inspiration to all who want to live life to the fullest! Long Live the Queen!
First casualty of the Albert Pujols era in LA? Hitting coach Mickey Hatcher fired. Was in his 13th season in that role for the Angels.
just ate a whole chocolate bunny..now i feeling sick, and a bit pudgy.. 😖
Come have some cake w/ us at our weekly series of business workshops, tonight at the East Bank Saloon at 6p. (727 SE Grand)
GOSSIP (noun): A person who will never tell a lie if the truth will do more damage.
Anybody wanna buy a ps3 lol
Facts: The victim does not have to be the person harassed but could be anyone affected by the offensive conduct
Happy birthday john
Can't wait til project x comes out in a couple weeks
First flakes of the season falling in Chicago - beautiful!!
lol I'm just playing sis, you know I love you
where we're you guys at?
Shout out to ALL our new followers :D thanks so much guys!! Make sure to follow too! Love yall
We're in the HEAT of the Monday Morning Drive.. Tie Ups on HWY 26 EB, I-5 SB & Powell Blvd up to Ross Island Bridge.
SUCK IT YANKEES! HA HA FUCKERS!
happy birthday! Hope the rehab is going well! Who Dat!
that's cool! You better vote for me aha :-p
and the best financial decision.... ?
We're located in Rochester NY. Apparently some of your characters hung out here?
Peyton Manning to replace at the Broncos, but will he be better than Flynn with the Seahawks? Sure as return 2 playoffs!
going to school to pick up my books today :) yayy
Nope. Never been interested in tracking that for some reason..
#MaxPayne3 will be the Most Incredibly Badass Game i will ever play!
Your heart is where I want to be
I think everyone should get wealthy and famous and do all that they ever imagined so they could see that it is not the answer.
u mad?
Selena Is Our Love Song we love you
forgot it was eastern time! guess you can't dial in late? bizarre...
I love how u always have something positive to say!!
Pro-beef powers are wrong: no one "smeared" pink slime. Many eaters however prefer avoiding smeary dirty beef trimmings cleaned with ammonia
Selection Sunday is just over a week away! #MarchMadness!
man I need to get my hands on two pair of foams this weekend
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules.
Did you know the smallest available size in #twilight tshirts is xl? And they do NOT come sleeveless.
no fooling here. It's on like donkey kong.
Always welcome!
what you think about hitting up one of these Reds v. Cards games this weekend?
I like Nin's version better -- can come at it from love or hate. RT : I love algebra.
heard about this cyberbullying thing not cool at all want 2 be the one to end it #CyberBullyingIsWRONG !!!!
please follow me<3
Watching Brad Paisley play on Invitation Only. Does he ever play a non-paisley guitar?
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE i cannot explain to you how amazing you are!!! will you pleease call me restricted??
no snow here, i feel left out
We look forward to figuring out the production!
no idea, I'm searching Netflix haha. any suggestions?
Join us for lunch and sports!
Lightning and thunderstorms over Beachwood Cyn. Better make sure your gadgets are charged, Hollywood.
Agreed! It should be banned from public consumption b/c it automatically brings back bad memories.
I find Lea Michele insanely attractive, (like INSANELY attractive) but she has some of Glee's worst derps xD
There are some mean people on the Internet y'all
Nope. I can find some bright spots in Everyday and Stand Up. But those will be the only albums where songs are skipped.
Glad we could help. That's why we are here!
I kno I Jus told my grandma that lmao Wow n u reply Wen I put that
Last Train to Clarksville....
plzz follow me I luv u so much u inspire me.
"use deffinetly in a sentance" "are there lumps in farts" "no" "than i deffinetly $#!% my pants"
You would RT that.
I'll carry you home, tonight.
How much does love ? Immensly-er! ;)
I hate when a persons imagination causes them to live in fear..though I'm guilty at times myself
The Book Thief. The Hunger Games. for romantic stuff, John Green, Maureen Johnson, Sarah Dessen.
Ask RT Who picks Comic Sans and thinks, "YES, this feels right!" It is tough to remain credible after that decision.
anus licking causes sepsis is the phrase that pays
awe I feel like lonely kid at lunch and just sat next to me!!! Lol
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
but if u don't post pics on there it's pointless lol
ok thanks
“: Yes sir it is. Lol”Knew it! Ha
Room service with a nice tip for the waiter #Bruins 1-0
Some Boys, Some Girls reminds me of hearing your music for the first time almost 7 years ago.
I like to vote because, at least for a few minutes, it seems like we're all equal.
This womens been coming into my job for about 4 years and gets on the picture machine & says the same thing "I'm dumb at this can you help"
thanks! :) & i didnt watch his blogtv. but i know his fans were hating on girffin... and he got really mad and upset.
Seeing your friendss makeout while you're in the corner chillin. Lolol
Where's the foul?
Expect nothing less. Elevated IPA is beauty in a bottle! RT La Cumbre wins GOLD in the IPA Category!
Thank you for allowing me to share my experience.
In this case, when it's a beautiful Friday afternoon and I need to get some work done but enjoy doing it, all three are required.
Back to GP today for some G&T's, Cigars, Croquet and Family Time!
This is awesome! Especially the RETVi displays! The graphic designer, aka me, did a fab job! (wink)
What position do you play?You look like you travel alot lls.
•Love is like peeing your pants everyone can see it but only you can see it. Thanks for being the pee in my pants.
no you can't move back I have to have a roommate in cali in two years! But I do miss you all:)
Oh my god! I can't believe someone filmed me at Sara's bachelorette party!!! Not cool.
it is always a pleasure! agree - it is good to get out with a fellow PR mama!
Going to the NFL experience tomorrow morning
It's happening & peace That's what I need
that's actually kinda hilarious. Just had a similar conversation about "text-speak" that's used IRL. makes me shake my head.
Leavin the twin cities-headed to Mileaukee today...time for some real PBR
Wtf! I Must Be Tweakin, I Was Callin Because I Ain't Have A Ride To The Mall. So I'm Not Gon Be Able To Come #TeamFoll ...
“: More Darvish on Hamilton: “I believe he’s going to hit five home runs for me next time I pitch.” #MLBTonight” hope so
just got my cloaking device on...nah Bruh, I'm flowing through in the morning
Layers. Lots of layers.
After 3 hrs of dealing with sprint I'm now an iPhone user !
That post is awful. It's like saying that you shouldn't learn rhetoric because not everyone will be a politician.
I'm sorry to hear of your bad experience with support. Please follow and DM us your domain for assistance. ^CB
"Life & Death is in the power of our tongues" Today let's only release positivity into the atmosphere... See it, go for it and obtain it...
if you, Dan and I can eat that entire thing I don't know whether to be proud or disgusted!!
it's not exactly loneliness.
Stock market: heavy insider selling at Mastercard (MA). Beware, stock could take a hit.
Family time
Have had about enough of the claim that the sole reason one built a large house or bought expensive goods was to show wealth.
Follow NBC 15 photojournalist and help him get to 100 followers!
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. ~Lord Byron
yes?????my Team is out the Playoffs am i now allow to talk about other teams????
The wind is blowing, the music is pumping, head to the Cow for a mooracious Sunday afternoon! Giddy UP!
There needs to be an approval process before people have kids. Some ppl should FLAT OUT not be allowed to be even near kids smgdh.
ProTip: Don't leave a Windows 95-era recovery CD in your CD drive.
you're going to love it. I might go see it a second time so good!
:) How's that Mayorship feeling? Getting awfully nervous I bet. I think i'm coming into the office on Friday just to take it
Star Wars theme - bagpipe version. Catchy tune here at R2i.
i fucking swear!!
Doin My Laundry TRYNA keep My Room Clean
If NO is a complete sentence, so is YES. Choose your WORD wisely.
here & looking forward to today's tweet chat. this long week has again screamed along.
yea we gonna sing duets lik i sing the pitbull parts he sings the chris brown well mainly just raps
Palin pulls a Palin. But she does want to run. But maybe she will run if she doesn't run,if she decides to run,which will make her not run.
TT's baby Molly ( )
It's a little sad that new Cameron Crowe movies still have to be sold as "from the director of Jerry Maguire".
I should have brought a flask
Very cute!
Boobies Everywhere - Bruno does anyone have a link to this??? 2 download??
It's getting to the point that you're really bugging me!
Awesome thanks for the love!
Natalie Grant and Lacrae! OMG! THAT WAS HOT!
Join us January 28th from 5:30 - 8:00 pm at Lily's Seafood for the next CAM Connect. Great networking opportunity. Details at www.cam-online
Daniel talking about "Street Level Democracy" and how community can make a difference
Happy Columbus day! www,joborworker.com
nice, lets chat abt text & data
When you look at a baby and they just stare at you.....lol
you got this bro!
yeah, the archivist who's working on the Houston hip hop collection, , contacted me about it. Can't wait to meet you!
I CANNOT wait for your talk show!! Do you know yet what time & when it will air??
how was your bday?
If it's an iffy bitly link, I'll add + to the end. Not sure how to discover the link in other shortners.
at $2.51 I can't resist, if its crap I'll print it to paper and use it as toilet paper. You can't lose, I'm sold!
Forever is not enough
"This conference is awesome" and so are you - WOOT!
its been so long since i lost my way
just talking to you, wbu?(;
At Grand Crossing Park Field House for CREATE meeting
#hastac2011 Eric Hoyt, USC: make public domain materials available digitally. you shouldnt have to take a research trip to see this stuff.
I'm confused, You'll "take credit" for what POTUS did re Detroit, yet your econ plan is always do opposite of what Obama did?
No problem! Thanks for the #shoutout :)
NAW TINA WE GT A GIG OT IN FLORIDA NA WAT WAT WAT WAT U GNE DO LEAVE ME LIKE DEN OTHA SUCKERS HUH
How dare you golf channel. Put Tin Cup on just as I am falling asleep...
I miss phone booths & phone rooms in public spaces. Listening to this guy's plans to screw over his friend is not something I want to hear.
after them?" is a dumb fact to throw out there anyone can have a song named after them but no one
can't wait for LOST tonight!
where was my invite??
No sleep.
same thing on my way to work but it's a taco truck.
I've been so happy n I don't know why but I love being this happy :))
Please reconsider appearing on The Adam Carolla Show. He is one step away from going full on Dennis Miller.
"What is the right motivation for work? To Glorify God. Glory =God's presence + beauty."
I'm in love with cities I've never been to and people I've never met.
Thanks for the RT!
- Yo! I used Twitter as a news feed, for the most part. I rarely send anything out.
Da heat is looking good let go
can't wait beautiful <3
Off to bring Emma for a TOM's shoes audition in Santa Monidca.
RT : Pitchers and Catchers = reported. Welcome back, baseball!!
“The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague
I think I just found my new place!
So Yeahh Mikey You Want To Come Down To SF Tomorrow & I'll Take You To Drake's Concert?! (:
How so? Interested to hear your perspective. I think it can 2as we can learn a lot about ourselves through our relationships.
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list! Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
RT : You mean *men “ Y DO WOMEN LIE ABOUT SIMPLE SHIT?”
its a wicked long sory.. but once im dead... theyll leave everyone alone and turn themselves in
LOVE IT! THX
OH: "Holy data redundancy, Batman!" - , RE: working in (what else?) this morning
OK, the flux capacitor is installed. Major PITA, but I did it. LOL
“: I'm SMH at new avatar choice”. It's all about bringing some luck!
nobody? okay. I'll delete it(:
We'll be all over Milwaukee today. Tell us where to Christmas shop!
Thanks for the bday wishes!
A perfect roasted marshmallow and a quarterly award glow. Good times.
Kovalev has an impressive left jab
Nobody knows -.-
That's right, #Actors!! VIP Special of 20% of my TWITTER RATES of 3 looks or more for followers of #ff ! Book soon!
Boredom arrives :/
I'm getting more followers by the minute haha!!!!
Only if you have green chili too.
Hm...I am not authorized to fuss with authorizations. lol!! Lemme see what I can do about that.
My 17 y.o. took my laptop for HW. The problem is now I can't do my HW! Urrrgg!
I've ordered from them - they have super cute stuff, but be careful on lengths of skirts & dresses! Can be super short!
WATER season is almost upon us. Get ready for me to start wearing a bathing suit under my clothes everyday.
Come have lunch at The Drop!
#ImWeakFor Papa John's Pizza and a super bag of skittles
All you need is LOVE #WOMCC ;-)
Woo hoo - so excited that is going to join & friends for #FoodieChats this Monday at 7pm CST!
I nearly punched my mother for waking me up. Hi.
killing myself would make everyone happy..
heck yes we want to be followed by
I half my burgers to scorn and ridicule and I will continue to bisect chuck sammies till I become a vegetarian. #never!
Ah, huge torrents are understandable. Work at your college's radio station and they will become obsolete.
Just keep going ;-)
he said it was an exhib due to not all starters playing yet Royals rest players and it is an official "game"
Happy mothers day!
The Dec 2011 issue of American Journal of Nursing published an article on a pilot study on the capability of bacteria to be transferred...
Diet coke from McDonalds has to be one of my favorite things for real. After gymnastics I am to thirsty!
There's a funny line between wanting to and being persuaded to.
He makes happy.
Cant beileve im about too go to bed.
German Shepherd Operating a Faucet: via
umm!? I don't know :/ bummertacular
Are Hot Dogs Really Made From Dogs ?!
oh boy.
Lots of celebs in town for #SB46, but is still our favorite!
I'll check it out. But even if conservatism is "normal," it inevitably loses over the long haul. We evolve.
I am one of the cute ones “: All light skinned hoes aint cute. & all darker girls not ugly”
OMG kids who weren't turning in homework DO now!! 95%of their teachers using mobiles well #wetech nice
Its 4am n i got women tryin to hang up posters n dudes tryin to rock out with guitars n basses lmao wtf...im off crown n redbull so its ...
lol right I gotta try up there and ight tell jack she betta not act funny lol
stealing my made-up words?!?
My stomach hurts so bad:/
hey thats even more awesome! High-fives 'round the office!
RT : #lrnchat - I'm going to work with the scenario idea today... <--Great! Yep, ping back if you need more help. I'm around too
hey, you're my first tweet bestie
Love the offense/defense sub out of Thomas by Thad.
�The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
So is it Friday yet?
Well. Today is going to be awesome
i wish i had a goldfish :(
- don't tease.
Sad saying goodbye to my old place one last time. If these walls could talk! Lots of great memories!
Playing under water
Lmao my brother just took my dads car!! He told him he was going to wash it and never came back LOL
Congrats #FutureMusicMogulTeams you guys went out with a bang!
You too!
Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love. ~Mildred B. Vermont
#pocketpoem Joy Harjo's "Anchorage" Come by the Revue if you're in Fresno today at 5:00 to share poetry.
Live Running Map via #Runkeeper www.Runkeeper.com/user/kpward
Sunscreen in my eyes 😭
No matter how hard you try you will always get beat down by the Abominable Snowman?
I can not.
that's a good idea Lets call it the #wrecking house I did my laundry too & couldn't help but notice the lack of a jacuzzi and bar
All are great and the coaches,Carson, band, backgrounds, dancers,make it great television..Our household is split on the best
schedule set! hands on now
Me and my bf both think Dallas mavs fans are cocky lol finally someone who agrees with me!
Healthy so far. Now for the REAL physical. 😁
Too lazy to work out? Me too. :(
So excited to announce to you all that we will be working on our new EP with from
Ready to get this over with
We're pulling an all nighter and now its #ff time
Baldenegro: encourages people to get involved thru advocacy, students can share their stories.
It's the weekend! Eureka!!!!
Apparently I'm not humble.
What day this week will you be here ??? cause i'm leaving really soon
Welcome to the Children of Light Official Conference Page! Join on on June 20th - 23rd #Denver and
Working on a cover of Only Hope by Switchfoot
I done said enough that was on my mind for the night, finna hit the tub nd talk to him til i fall asleep !
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 21
Replaced the motor. Replaced the exhaust. Replaced the brakes. Starter exploded. Tranny next? Is it time to replace the whole darn thing.
Got nerdy excited at seeing a test run of the metro expo line tonight at Jefferson and Fig
Seniors don't leave!!!!
#WhyDoiAlways feel akward in public places.
Saw #NeverSayNever last night! Very inspiring and so cool to see working w/ a vocal coach! Take care of that voice!
I hate it when you're playing hide and seek and you have to pee immediatly after you hide.
are you going to the game tomorrow?
Don't leave her if you can't let her go..
Teri Hatcher is behind me at El Pollo Loco drive thru!! Celebs ARE just like you & me. She looks a lot like an old hispanic lady in person
agreed! I'm glad they're coming back=]
Who wants to win blazer tickets for 3/29?
Listening to "Turn To You" ... perfection
The gays of Louisiana have no originality. YOU CAN'T BUY IT OFF EBAY BUDDY.
now following this chico .>>>>>>>
When the best leader’s work is done the people say we did it ourselves!
Benjamin is 13 & can have all dairy thanks to participating in the Baked Milk Study funded by FAI. We are grateful beyond!
I love the deals. it will take time for them to gel. Clubhouse chemistry will be fine.
Good Morning Loves :)
Episode 1 in 3D begins tonight at midnight!!!! I'm stoked!!! D.
Changing guitar strings, windows open & blasting music by It's a good day!
Welcome home
Practice makes perfect doesn't work. PERFECT practice makes perfect!
Mr. Crabtree has graciously already lent his support :) you can check him off your list.
Coffee and a very large cat... ;)
DailyHookahTip#83: Non-rotating hookahs have better seals and contain the smoke much better.
your point?
the rumor from the MUHS kids behind me was that he made it through security so he should be fine!
playing balotelli is probably the last thing mancini wanted to have to do today.
We haven't talked in forever! How are you? :)
Welp..it could be over before it starts..
joined your FF league...any prize or just banter?
Love the people/sites that don't understand that.
i assume everyone else in the pen is unavailable? only possible explanation for this madness
- right its so annoying seeing in on fb all the time!
Obama and the Japanese PM to hold a presser at 2 pm
Gorgeous day out, can't be very many of these left. Come to Cathedral Square today and try some delicious food from Haute Taco!!
Go to the Loussac Library for the Friends of the Library book sale. Cheap books, supports the library. Win, win!
.. Chicago Diner, check; backyard BBQ, check; Juno & the Paycock, check; visit the Ten Cat, check; pack up and head for the train ...
Interesting conversations at the Baltimore City Democratic State Central Committee meeting...
i feel like ripping apart something . ugh!
Bryz just one of many glaring examples of shortsighted owners who think ANY player is worth that kind of contract.
Hope it's better than "Jennifer's body"
Do exactly what you would do if you felt most secure. Meister Eckhart
A woman who can't cook and clean is basically just a fleshlight with a face
SOUND GOOD TO ME.
Virginia Woolf~ For most of history Anonymous was a woman.
Good Morning to all you Orioles fans out there
er no it sounds eww ;P x
Work with construction? #safetyskills has many courses including: ladder safety, equipment training, and more.
Powerful article, my friend. And very, very true.
Cannes, aye?! Did you submit something?
I need some gear..
Without you there is no me.
I disagree, if you vote with your feet, then YOU're missing the point of what ePatient is
In An Education, Sarsgaard slithers into a young girl's life, but seduction is sidetracked when her authentic heart melts his lame charade.
It's so funny how Ryan grabs his ears when he gets nervous hahah
Marjane Satrapi: conservative culture rejects pleasure: w When I say I love to smoke, eat & have sex, I hear cancer, cholesterol & AIDS
oh. It'll be okay!
awesome. I love big churches--but when I was at ASC I was looking for something smaller--& was sort of avoiding church in general
Now your just somebody that i used to know.
it's like extreme home makeover for a street/block! Come join us tonight to check out what we've done!
oh well thats a good thing! xD do you know f.y.e. its an entertainment store..place..and i will be getting there CD from there
What kind of misfit danger can I get myself into this evening?
Texas Rangers Yea Buddy
shout out to you love...
Thank U to our raffle participants & We raised over $600 for our scholarship fund.
can't stop reading YOUNGER NEXT YEAR for women by Chris Crowley and Henry S. Lodge
Kobe gonna bring the team back from 40 down.....
Chicks waiting on Boosie to get out of Prison only Date Goon Niggas that wear Tank tops, COOGI PANTS, Reeboks & Gold Teeth..
Cedric &Jake told me they killed Spiderman... I`m sad noww ):
Amazing night, fabulous dinner with my favorite men plus got to see Holly_Shiver? Who do I think I am?!
Going to #Chicago in a couple hours #funtimes ahead
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to make at least a $.10 donation to National Breast Cancer Foundation.
Twitter is Quit and boring !!! I bet that is not here (•͡_•͡ ) ROCK my timeline \(˘▿˘)/
Shadowing a librarian at the Ref Desk for my health sciences library internship
There's nothing I can do
No way - Kacey rocks the house - she's amazing & first to welcome me here!
": I hate when you blow your nose so much...." Buy cool touch Kleenex - they are ridiculously
The first draft of anything is always shit - Ernest Hemingway.
yes it is. Sorry I guess I didn't explain that too well.... Middle school only is fully funded by State.
Who wants to text...??
God definately has his hands over me & my family, I almost got in an accident today the guy would of hit my side too
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on.
☺💙💜💚❤ since we don't drive I'll hot wire a car and drive us :)
A stumble may prevent a fall. ~ English Proverb
I've mentioned to friends/family about Walmarts policies and they don 't care, they just want their goods cheap.
The Mother's Day Sale starts tomorrow! All bags and purses will be 25% off :D
Program your DVRs!!! We'll be on this Thurs morning. Be sure to tune in!
Also, thank you to Chandler for one of the most spectacular beer selections ever.
yeah but at least I'm done with half of my classes... :P
I try and stay away from imagining disastrous scenarios; and visualize what I desire and allow my thoughts to dwell on it in peace.
TBH I only like one person right now and all deez other hoes are irrelevant.
Saved by the radio! #BTFU !!
White castle by my house now caters. Who's trying to give diarrhea away at board meetings?
": Flirt with me... I flirt back ;)"...lol dis seem like a trap
Cohen: AAS fellowships, public programs, publications foster vibrant face-to-face community; this is important.
Don't pay your customers to review you - the good service will let it come out of them voluntarily!
great to see you guys back in Chicago Friday night! Living with Lupus sucks but your songs have always made things easier!
haha - the floor is drying! Wednesday friend :) RT: Is your Division store open yet?? Please? Quit teasing us!
Just saw the space shuttle pass by the Hudson River. Had a perfect view of it!
i loveE campbell's hair....
Im working on a pitch for my new show called 'Found.' Its basically going to be 'The Kate & Sawyer Show'
“: been having some real odd dreams lately... with freakish detail #MindDontSleep” Me too. :/
Oregon football is a testament to how cool-looking uniforms actually make a difference
Orlando Florida.....babe!!!
It's a pretty good today :)
they call me stacey
RT : If you sell anything you create with Apple's ebook tool, you MUST sell through Apple store and give them a cut....
I signed up with to update my status while I'm running the #CbusMarathon, in real-time, during the race on Oct 18
People are always blaming everyone else for what they've done, GTFO.
that's a great song. That band has some really good stuff. Also rather like The Summer, Any Fun, and Drummer.
Cmon man you call me a dummy when You pick Luke to WIN over Rors, Phil, & Tiger in this weeks #PGA #Golf. THIS #1 has a Major:)
Liked the last blog post.
vin, u need to come back to new york asap, we miss you<3 & maybe do an event on long island;)
The NHL playoffs are awesome. Only the NCAA Tournament and NFL playoffs are better.
Great to find you here - we love Nebraska!
Think of America, or think of the children?
I'm still hoping that updates the #MyTouch4gSlide. I have hope!!
thank you!
To err is human… to really foul up requires the root password.
Have I mentioned I hate running?
ABDC was everything tonight. Shutout to all the amazing crews....
heck yeah! But only for ONE #Stupid wbu?
Full Moon? Lots of snippy and crabby parents at the library. For once, I'm not one of them.
I'm getting a heart murmur from this... // RT I love awkwardness. Thus, I love this talk.
lmao, i love fukin with those clowns. how are you doing?? :)
Get your case of C+Swiss Hemp Ice Tea before the whole country band the original HEMP Ice Tea 420 friendly!!www.myspace.com/justbarleylegal
What is the moral of this kids speech?
hate how judge mental so many people are theese days
Yo are the spurs going to win the finals? I'm thinking yeah
na but she need to be on it
Dalai Lama on #CNN ...so happy right now. Lovelovelove
Well then, my first answer was correct and Michigan it is
funny, I was just thinking about you. I hope you and Mrs are doing ok. :)
#Actors - When auditioning don't play the obvious choice. Make a choice that stands out. Even if its not what they want, they'll adjust you.
Thanks, likewise Chris. A whole lot of the wrong message getting out there. Good to see some of the right message too!
yea kinda I never do it and shuffling fucked it all up lol
Thanks, Lorie! Sorry we didn't have a chance to talk. It was nice to see you in the audience at the #usf symposium.
I luv u Google!...I never really liked YouTube, Twitter, Blogger, Rss feeds until I could access everything in all one place. Awesomeness.
not impressed
oh. okay.
aww. Thank you Rhi. You are one of my favorite people, I am proud to know you!
I swear I'm the villian again yay
I sincerely hope everyone remembered their Mother yesterday for Mother's Day! And the Mother that brought your children into this world!
coming up ;)
wow!! thx for the great card :-) yr class certainly knows how to host a guest speaker.
My organic blue agave spilled all over my favorite reusable bag.
Spring cleaning with a little motivation from Girl Talk.
I forgot about throw back Thursday !! Let's see what I can find.
So proud of for bein on his phone today while walkin the stage. I see you
Why dont you tell your dreams to me
If you focus on your goal, you will NOT fail to complete it...no matter what adversity assails you along the way.
Heat is good!
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give
ikr im crazy to
Hello World!
i bet Angel is running up to Austins dad in heaven. and are both looking down on how far he is going<3
At lunch! Did ya'll know that half a cup of grapes only has 31 calories?! OMG I LOVE GRAPES!! :D
dropped a class to focus on #jstechhelp. i'd rather learn digital marketing by DOING, rather than sitting in a classroom...
Awesome Blue and Gold dinner BSA rules
to bad your fav Texas fan can't get you the game 1 ticket
join us today be pro active create free account post highlight tapes and photos help colleges coaches find you
it is when youre too busy frowning, you have to be the change you want to see-ghandi
Brees "Sproles = Bush"...takes a lot of value away from L. Moore
Blessed are the cracked & broken, for they shall let in the light. ~unknown
No Risk No Reward album coming now tweet me
Rest In Peace Whitney Houston
indeed. Though I also have a cat that's going to start bugging me to feed him soon. He tried to steal my burrito earlier.
I wanna find you so bad, and let you know I'm miserable up here without you.
lol. Hahahaha. Just joking. I wasn't gonna do that either. We str8! In the gym now w/ u no who!
Louise Waite is taking her husband, Edgar, to meet 'Abdu'l-Bahá at the Plaza Hotel.
pshhh..that's wat they think...ha...if ur being caught being sneaky...then??...lol
the soup could not be recommended to you :D
follow us for upcoming details about Wordcamp Ed - a meetup of teachers, institutions, and developers to discuss WordPress and education
Single Life Is The Best Life So Far:(
Agreed. If they weren't consulted during development then the product probably doesn't make it long
Mom taught me how to make kimchi pop today. I now know what's going to kill me.
RT : When your mind says "Give up" Hope whispers "One more try"
Now put the foundations under them.
Just was sitting here thinkin bout that song "Big girls dont cry" and started busting out laughing cuz big girls DONT cry, THEY EAT!...LMFAO
I should make another app, somewhere between OPEN MIC LIST, and Grindr
Many administrators and legislators love the numbers game. I call it #numberworship and think they can be a placebo
At JRs Dallas TX
i got burned, but you're the real loser. i don't know why i waisted my time with you.
On the road to bowling green! Let's get it dawgs!
yo where u at?!!! , And I are about to go in on some grub and brews!!! Get to my casa asap lmao!
look at my background! its from Romeo and Juliet
Gotta love HumpDay.
i'll bring the salt! 👍
I'm harvesting kale from my garden. In March.
whats clicken chicken just wanted to say happy st pattys day and say thanks
Skyview storm our league champ have made it to the State finals. Enemies when we play but I'm a big fan tonight! GO STORM GSHL!!
if you want to go back to dhs be my guest haha :p . But i for one never will haha!
it is amazing how bad ideas persist
PATIO IS BECKONING YOU FOR HAPPY HOUR AND DRINK SPECIALS!! JOIN US!! DJ HUMP SPINNING HIP HOP, R&B AND ANYTHING ELSE THAT MOVES YOU.
Lin and Warner - Deep in their Faith (Tebow as well, but we know we talked about him too much)
today is an Adele kind of day
<3 RT : Cross the line if you don't know what you'd do with out your girlfriend because she's amazing.
Hi people of twitter learn how to spell. I doubt the school system of America taught you to typ3 lyke thi$
Former elite marathoner and triathlete, author of the best-selling health and fitness book, The Primal Blueprint
No communication leads to imagination. If we don't talk about problems, you are going to imagine the worst. -
What time are y'all going to Waterfront tonight?
I felt like I did a lot better on my PSAT because of your class. It's sad that students won't have that advantage anymore!
It is on in GAFE too!
*pins you to the ground* damm girl! *squeezes cheecks to get them* RT : Damn. :( *stuffs brownies in my mouth & runs*
McDonalds does kidney transplants now.
i think mc hammer show is going to be good....
Last night in portland, strip club. Yea.
"Jazz Crush" dinner is happening right after all the wineries close at 5PM in Zillah on Spring Barrel Tasting weekend (near Yakima, WA)
today for film ACT OF VIOLENCE. Beautiful print, riveting story, intense performances.
What if when you clicked "Expand" your waistband became elastic and your belly thanksgivinged out
Good Morning! Group Reformer and PULSE Barre are coming up at 8:30! Join us to stretch, strengthen and feel great!
Why did he have to choose a college so far away tho? Just why? 
Men's testosterones levels rise by 45.7% after 7 days of not ejaculating! Details As a last resort, some people get POOP transplants!
Working w/ The Austin BodyWorker Clinical Massage Therapy at Texas Running Company Wednesday night.
Happy Friday! It would be great to work on a story with you about SF based Let us know if you are interested!
Yo Zak I'm going to Vegas for my first time ever in October. Other than gambling, what should I do first?
Ralph Lauren's original name is Ralph Lifshitz.
I remember back in middle school, and even the beginning of last year when i actually had friends.
Thank you so much for the fabulous RT!
ikr she sound sick...
Spanish quiz, paper, physics quiz, then BEER BIKE!
Looking forward to a fun night with and #twitterless Persephone
lol, I'm pretty sure he's 18
Starting tomorrow whatever life throws at me, I am ducking so it hits someone else! Too bloody funny.
Going to another airport to get on another plane is the last thing I want to do right now.
James Anderson has 11 points. Stephen Jackson has 10. The Spurs lead 120-83 with 2:15 left. Lots of fans are heading for home.
My shoes are trying to kill me today. Or I have been dosed with klutzy dust (like pixie dust, except less happy). One of those.
ya thats what i thought to im the biggest Chris fan here
God created you 2 be FRUITFUL & MULTIPLY // you can't do either unless you're CONNECTED to the source! (Jesus) Gen. 1:26-28 & John 15
We can help navigate the project and the metadata needed to find their stuff
tell him to hang in there. He'll be in FL soon. :-)
looks like he's going to beat that apple senseless, Then convince the world the apple deserved it, Then publicly apologize
No worries! Looks like a rake annoyance.
Once again...crazy as hell.
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
Aye bro, we're trying to roll out at 7. Cool?
March 1931 The Star Spangled Banner becomes the National Anthem
Text me hoe !
It's amazing how much time writing and responding to emails takes up.
Screaming "We Like Ike" for Ike Davis and the guy in front of us named Ike...
TO THE MOON BIT!!
I'm writing a new song and it is coming along great. After we get a few more songs complete, we will be playing concerts in the Dallas area.
10TV Poll - would you buy a car from a company going through bankruptcy? Also - should kids be allowed to fly in first class? Let us know.
It's Tysan, don't ever spell my name wrong again.
#imagine You scream "AUSTIN I LOVE YOU WILL YOU MARRY ME" and Austin says "I LOVE YOU TO AND YES I WILL MARRY YOU
The box score says Rod Barajas homered, but I don't believe it.
thanks enjoy the holidays and i'll see you in 2012.
Thank you god for another day to live!Now Im about to have a bomb ass day! I just really need to finish this song thoe lol.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
Bro u just mad yo team down by 30 lol guaranteed sweep put yo money up
Omg ! Guess who I saw today after school -__-
Not even friend you pass my test :-)
i know i think she will in a matter of weeks
Thanks for the inclusion! Glad to make the grade!
Here's your tweetback. Sorry.
Let me touch the cooch quit playin.
Wow! I do not miss those NY prices!
Please follow back..recommended by JayPrince FFTAmg
no but often via business networking I make business partners which become friends
Do you pay for Electricity and Gas? Marketing Div. of NYSE Co. seeks reps to market natural gas, electricity and other services. Earn...
Great steals this weekend, Fresh WIld Atlantic White Shrimp $15.99lb, Sunrise Papaya 2 for $3, and Bucket o'Wings, 3lb $9.99
I'd love to be able to read all of the inscriptions from the #bbcmeettheromans columbarium in one place. Any ideas?
Love the song love the you lie!!!!
tommorow...God bless
Predators open the second quarter with a touchdown pass to Eley, Jr. Kick is good making it 14 -7 Orlando.
Glad u could visit! RT Just met at the gorgeous exhibit. He couldnt have been sweeter or more adorable!
hi guys!
get fu#*$t, jerk off.. I pop my head out all the time, seenm u just the other day downtown, maybe I say hi, see whats up
Thanks for RT Levi!
m sure?
Haha! Trying to stay young as long as possible!
Now proud to be delivering for the Brass Ring Bar and Grill. Order now and we will have it to you in under an hour S2YD.com
RU tweeting in your sleep? U should be resting missy! I'm not a Dr but I want to play 1 on TV (consider this practicing orders).
#onceuponatime I use to give fuck what my dad said. Times have changed.
I got the htc phone
Listening to some LMFAO
oh that's awesome!!
always treat your woman like a lady. never get too old to call her baby. never let your praying knees get lazy & love like crazy <3
Great tool RT : Mission is to help people easily move offline meetings to online conversations
Radelet: "But since the 1990s, we can no longer talk about a Sub-Saharan Africa. The biggest pattern is a divergence across the continent."
I'm sitting naked on my couch counting my "funny money" from last night. Getting ready to vacation and show off my hot bikini body.
Working on some SEO keywords, listening to Dave Rawlings Machine. Oh Dave, you make being immersed in Google Insights so much better.
More broken hearted then before.
Black Friday Shopping? Gift Certificates, T-Shirts from the Steer In.
GYHAB on OMG OMG happy as'f !!
“: First 11:11 wish of 2012✨ hope it comes true ☺” to wish that you were as cool as me? Haha
I need to get drunk & shake my ass with tomorrow <3
Bahaha, and you call me fat?
That made me smile! We are looking forward to entertaining you in March!
#MyThoughtsAtSchool why this hoe does come everyday to just start problems!
It's the big day. #LuckyFABB is finally here.
Thank you , all the panelists, presenters #BiblioTech12 for awesome conference
I know! Deadlines and bills can only be put off for so long. Darn it.
Nothing says denied like being told no for a jumbotron marriage proposal. Poor Guy..
okay, it seems pretty boring but I just keep playing it. You should get temple run and doodle jump
Why milk chocolate? so the kids have some candy left at holidays after I eat the dark.
Playing Carey lake tonight. They requested an 8:30 start and country tunes. I'm thinking 9:00 and rock n roll
Drama damn it!!
puppy bowl is the only tv event that makes me wish I had cable.
": Looooool Someone running around with a knife stabbing protester's drums. Haaaaaahaha" 99% Chicago where are you?
Does anyone know if corn tortilla is bad 2 eat if your dieting trying 2 lose weight. I know its much better than flour
awe :( well at least you get to sleep tomorrow while I stay in awkward studyh. w/ crazy mr.Letmegiveyouareferralfornoreason.
That is great to hear! Thank you for the kind words!
#MelGibsonSays I deserve this for "What Women Want"
"Very few people know how to work. Inspiration, everyone has inspiration, that's just hot air"-Beatrice Wood, potter, artist 1893-1998
I know! Hopefully your dad is staying longer in Virginia
Very happy to hear it!
Art does not reproduce the visible rather, it makes visible.
RT My TL @ night > My TL during the day
Who should today's guest shot be?
what do u got goin on?
I'd like to be everything. You want hey girl let me talk to you …:)
dont let it happen again
watch out for low fences.
Watching the phillies and there new Of Hunter Pence !!!
My goodness. What was it like?
Is it weird I want to go on #survivor just for the weight loss and tan?
I do! And i love him more haha
Belated #FF thx to - you make us blush :)
Gonna test the limits tonight
is that n Nigeriean Naira Lehman Brothers European Mezzanine Leverage Ltd. Listing 4 take Bus. plan courses need JV ptrs.
do you know what sites to go to in order to find your online classes !
Dance Place to undergo renovation in 2013 - Washington Post
And my neighbor just walked by with a stroller carrying her cats... When is this house going to sell again?
I have no goddamned apologies. Ok a few but ya'know.
Yeah, be afraid.
Dont suck the cunt! Blow the blunt!
I was on your youtube and looking through your videos and pictures i started crying! you have came so far im so proud of you<3
I loved the article and I look forward to reading your book. Many blessings & continued success
Thx for the RT! Have a good night!
...and a really small number of superstars accounts for most of the success in any field. #TheAvengersHypothesis?
A successful program on Sunday with Ba Luvmour on Boundaries with children - were you there, what did you think?
So souped to see everyone. and taylor donnelly (sorry I can't remember the name of ur twitter donnelly lmaoooooo)
Great morning class today! Lots of energy!
tony romo hardly makes the top 10 is say he's either the 10th best or 11th.
Whoever say "moss" is cool
Awesome! #RogerFederer the Great 1 is the Champion :) we luv Roger! take care :) see u in Miami
Also helps it was directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, of 21 Grams, Babel and Nike's World Cup "Write The Future" fame.
I don't need the internet to know that a Bobcat doesn't make sense for the "Diamondbacks".
lmao, When did u trade in ur two cats for a pitbull, and your classy style for a name plate and oversized bamboo earrings.
Received official letter named Top 10 Finalist in Black Enterprise Conference Elevator Pitch Competition!
Check us out and Like us on #Facebook - we have full catalogs and a growing like-base!
So over it I have a headache and I wanna be home in my bed and not at work with these idiots.....
Plugging away at the e-mail game today. Finding some amazing companies to work with this year. Who needs a video for their company? DM me!
Haha yeah that's why I've been deleting all of my @ replies after a few days. To keep my numbers down :)
As an aside, Rick is currently working on a Shooting Drills DVD and a Shooting Workouts DVD. Release date still uncertain.
How are you going to do the opposite of the POTUS, but then take credit for all the successful things?
Dear Girl Scout Cookie fairy -- my undying appreciation for box of Do-Si-Dos on my desk.
is rehearsing tonight after taking class at YogaChai.
u a rude mofo
SJ Jazz 09 press party yesterday..Spanish Harlem+Pete Escovedo All Star Band on Main Stage...Many great local artists www.sanjosejazz.org
How long should you wait before you move in with someone new you are dating?
Sammy found an awesome local band check out the sweeps
Tomorrow you are invited to my live chat on Taoist Herbs.
beauty isn't everything sorry.
To whoever just stole my 4-year-olds skis - you suck.
Happy #GoodFriday everyone! So grateful for this Easter weekend.
I can give you 25 reasons why im really in love with you..
LeBron woulda ran him outta town RT Mike Brown benching Laker every game; where was tough love approach few yrs ago (in CLE)?
what did they say? I won't judge u !! Ever..
#ff DAT DUDE who is gonna welcome Andrew Luck to the NFL
don't make me smack you I am a grown ass man !
thts a must see picture :)
Sunday Still: "It's intolerable to be stopped by a frames edge." - Clyfford Still, 1976
So when are you going to take me in your Dad's seats?
Pretty train....oh shit its getting closer
very nice
#Problem all you Conservative NRA card carrying members probably have health insurance. I hope you don't catch something from the uninsured.
It was so sweet when justin thanked us at the end <3
I would totally go to a #warof1812 documentary watching party!
wink wink
why do i have to clean my room before school. thats the dumbest thing ive ever heard.
holy crap. You, girl, have been blessed with an amazing spiritual gift. Jennifer Hudson in the house for real
I CAN be a #nerdburger and get my shit done.
If you follow you should also follow us.
. Love the pic. I just pulled my "Loonies" envelope out. Euros & Pesos etc. stay in drawer. For now.
Should I download The Wanted's EP? Is it any good?
My little sisters friend got a python. Lucky -.-
Played a little over 5hrs today at my two shows. I've earned a little chill time.
was HILARIOUS tonight! Blake's face at the end had me #LMFAO !!
prepared for the worst but still praying for the best.
Safe travels, hope your #uxlx preso goes well.
Blessings Lion!Jah Guide.
That annoying moment when you're behind a slow walker & there`s no way around them."
is taking the long way home, day after day, moment by moment.
Who has their 2012 resolutions in order? How about a whiter smile? We can get most patients 4-6 shades whiter in 2 hrs or less!
Is this #MadMen episode dedicated to the memory of Steve Jobs?
At RFK stadium, DC United leading 1-0 against AC Milan. Beer cups flying...
If you've been craving a lecture on the Ghent Altarpiece (and who hasn't?), I'll be giving one at the MAG 10-12, 10-13.
NFL Draft talk right now with Eric and John. What are the Lions going to do tonight in the first round? 248-848-1130
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT ITZ I FOLLOW BACK!!(:
Where are you ? Taking dayzzzz!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! (yay Mexico, boo France)
WE are back open and hard to work
Continuing the A-Z, one letter today: R. Start with S on Monday. #supportlocalmusic - Follow us on Twitter
All dolled up and ready for girl's night out with , , &
Fatso's will be closed on Thanksgiving but will have normal hours Wednesday Nov 24 and Friday Nov 26.
Everything with the EP is planned to be finished in mid March
VIP sold out in less then a minutes in every show.. You might be able to get some on ebay. I wasnt able to get VIP. But ...
yo, i need some followers.
Congrats! Happy bachelor weekend!
Kick some ass!
3 more days of school...
RT if you're not Austin's fan because instead you're a Mahomie.
Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.
going to sephora to buy a proper pink eyeshadow thank you very much.
Wow, the Rangers absolutely destroyed the Red Sox tonight, 18 to 3!
Check out The Cheer Ambassadors. Great story about Thailand's 1st place finish @ the 2011 Cheerleading World Championships
And I love it <3
aw! haha glad it was a good dream
Arts Notes, Walnut Creek Journal and Lamorinda Sun
Great for any occasion! Our new #gift #bags make gift giving easier than ever! Over 20 #designs available now
you're jomos girlfriend right?
do u have a voxer??
- Thanks for the many, many laughs you have given us! Pure comic genius! P.S. Love your dog's name!
Told Eli what exactly?
look forward to your review! Enjoy!
Going for the extra hot wings at wild wings tonight!
don't talk about Whitney!!
hello! I live in Philly now.
I have NEVER, EVER in almost 8 years living in Boston heard someone say "wicked pissah" - why do ppl think we say that? -_-
ha! It's warm enough to run suga!! LOL I am soo glad you are at Community Covenant! Pastor Luke is amped about that!
“ "opponents of #MadisonPrep will clearly consider last night a victory." I'm an opponent&don't think it a victory. No one won.”
t-__- RT“: Even when in dead serious, I make people laugh. That's my life. A joke.”
When I experience lack in my life, it is because I am giving my attention to the absence of what I want. Today, I focus on finding my joy.
Just borrowed that from my stepmom today. not too excited to read it anymore.
In digital age, Reptar puts live show first - Online Athens
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde
m...peach moonshine, I wish! Just headingtp Maxon for meetings tmrw.
On Sat. asked if they sell alcohol on Sun. They do. I bought some. They responded on Tues.
If golf was easy you wouldn't need 14 clubs, a dozen balls, and 3 other people to see where the hell your ball goes-Anonymous
....What are we doing tonight?
Hate when a mf tell me what I can do !
Thanks, fellow archivists, for sharing interesting points of the talks for those of us who can't be at the conference!
I can never seem to put into words the way I feel.
Irresponsible parent! Put a seatbelt on your child! Also, Busch?
Drop hightower and pick up hardesty and start him for sure
RIP Junior Seau
Will definitely be there! RT: Instead of our semi annual Sample Sale, we will be participating in this wkend!
Testing, debugging, tuning interactive parameters, rehearsing, and resisting the temptation to refactor. And... maybe a bit of rocking out.
Thank you for letting us have fun today! You guys are amazing!!
It's birthday!
grrr.. Comcast is making me mad. About 2 seconds from shipping the box back
We hope you had a great Labor Day Weekend! Don't forget, LDCM is back to general hours: Tue-Fri 9-4, Sat 10-5, Sun 12-5, closed Mondays.
lucky bitch
Merry Christmas to all my east coast ppl! I'm there in spirit! Being grateful for all my blessings! The gift of LIFE is the best gift of all
taco Santa has suited up and is ready for the marathon
of course! so happy to! will definitely come in to meet you soon! xo
I kissed a girl and I liked it (; I didn't really like it. but yeah.
Keep those interview requests for Pack Expo coming!
Bad timing for parole hearing | Iowa City Press Citizen | press-citizen.com
lol Thursday just got even better!
Producing tweets = way more productive than reading the same paragraph on archival authority files 100x!
lmao u know tht go b cold this year, they racked up on players
On the air right NOW - with Shirim - Jewish music - featuring the music and chants as Shefa Gold, Kirtan Rabbi, Temple, Rakia Shamaya, more
I just was reading about it today. Need to look further into it. Thanks for all of your help!
Thanks for the RT.
Life is too short to sit around miserable. Get your ass up and enjoy life to the fullest
I already had your number :)
HA! Oh man, that sounds like fun
No i dont' LOVE Justin Bieber, i havent even met him, i do love what he stands for
um I'm in. Why don't you ever include me! God!
One of the nation's premier #publishers of tried & proven training & development materials,TAP offers high quality products at lowest cost
just saw your easter egg/short on BLOOM, you should be very proud. Except the wardrobe, we are all apologizing for those choices:)
In related news, I have never been to a concert by myself. Dance party of one.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
Taking Josh's #anchorman virginity.. OWWW OWWWW!!
no, that's not it. It's the combination of the stakes & the historic rivalry coming together. Astros don't have an equivalent.
i am looking for statistics on the volume (or estimated economic value) of user generated digital content. any ideas?
RT : Any day is a great day to be amazing...or me. Therms are fairly interchangeable.
Good Morning .
So, does anyone know when the "Divide and Conquer" video was shot? Month and year would suffice.
bundle still not sorted after 3 mnths. Call disconnected today trying to sort it. Just what I've come to expect
networking is an adventure
planning to get there early, i hear you're buying drinks for the band
TESTIMONIAL: “I enjoy your daily meals, they are varied and tasty. I recommend it to everyone. Thank you for providing this service. Your...
“: Shout outs to !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Started latin weekend of with a blast!!!” Look forward for more events to rock out!
Haha no worries see you soon. It's the one that's next to the ex Ultimate Electronics store.
Dominating//RT : #okstate has completed conference play in 4 sports in 2011-12, and what does it have? 3 Big 12 titles.
Just a few chocolate cupcakes left. More carrot Get yours. Corner of 13th and Hott.
Sad, but you speak the truth. Wish he would lose.
I can't remember the 3rd dream...
Naturally. :) Look forward to following #Equity11!
no, my fun is still good. You?
thanks for tip..this is my first time and i'm trying so hard. thank you!
hey govwalker, so, you pass a tax cut that cost 140 million, and now you're coming for the middle class to pay up?
Haha I'm jealous! RT ": have fun!" Oh I will ☺
at the shop
So THERE! RT : #OccupyBurque 9AM University&Central- Join Us! Noon meeting, 5PM Central & San Mateo -
RT There's testing today at school so we have a messed up schedule! Yay I like when that happens :D
"what we need now is a new way to be black" #1vsM this is a good documentary "Unstoppable: A Conversation"
Keep posting great content. Thanks for the RTs!
Definitely Schweinsteiger's. But I might be a bit biased. hehe
I think they have been here for centuries and never left. I think this is one of their planets . They have to be travelers with their speed.
November is Lung Cancer Awareness Month. For every home we test for radon this month, we're donating $15 to the NC Lung Cancer Partnership!
Better to sit in the parking lot and be ridiculously early.
hi. pls ask howard 2 stop by j.lindeberg. its right across three street from john varvatos. thanks!!!
whatever. Oh & you can't date mariah
Afternoon Classes: Monday to Friday 1:00-5:00pm..Totally 20 hours course for per week.
I need 2 get my followers up so I can say "back n the day when I ain't have no followers dey wouldn't fux w me. Nw dey DM tryna suck on me"
Great... had a blast in Hilton Head and kinda diggin' on having my Equity Card! Lots of auditions and opportunities!
I don't got it easy, but I don't think anyone really does.
#OKC wish they could have James Harden back and #OrlandoMagic wish they could have Dwight Howard back lol
Kind of cool, Google "zerg rush" and "tilt"
if u r a filmmaker - this is a must to know about: www.MakeYourMovieNow.com
Thanks! We greatly appreciate your support and love showcasing your beautiful products. Another photo shoot tomorrow!
AINT NO PUSSY LIKE NEW PUSSY.....IUNNO GIRL ITS SUMTIN IT DO TO ME
follow back
Mad Men: YES! I'm all over these women
I stayed up until almost 4:30 this morning, rereading the first book and exploring Pottermore. *yawn* On to chap 4!
Tonite is the legendary Cougars&Cubs Ball #women40+ men 21-29 get in for #FREE All nite! Happy Hunting ;)
#brokemyremote RT : We really did it this time
Our new shirt artwork is finally finished. I'll post a picture in a few. Should be a week or so before it gets on our apparel.
Sorry Rainn I couldn't resist
It Feels Beautiful Outside But It's Hot Af In Here .
First phase, yes.
We have a new office space in a fantastic open office in SoHo. Very excited about the space and the people in it!
RT RT "may the odds be ever in your favor"
I'm going spinning Thursday morning at 9:30!
Take care of the little things, the big things fall into place.
What do you think about my website as an avid book-reader?
Glad it worked out! :)
You really need to differentiate how you handle shit.
Who's the girl in your pic? I used to love her! Still do. #CHILDOFTHE 80'S
you should listen to www.gloryholeradio.com
sounds like a party! I'll try to stop by!
can you feel the party coming on?...humm, by this time tomorrow...you should be day-dreaming of the ruckus we'll be causing 9pm++
Just saw a guy on a Harley with a yoga mat on his back.
Grateful to and for sharing the power of #glamwiki - can't wait for Weds 9am Wikipedia sesh!
#lifeistooshort to NOT wear what YOU are comfortable in!
Cool beans.
Happy Valentine's day...spread the love! Got a date tonight with the two prettiest girls I know, my daughters.
follow me? Pleasee.
I don't even want to talk about it! 😭 : It's killing me to not be with you two during these intros!
I'm in love with mary jane! RT : #bud #weed #reefer #grass i love it all the same
Free album for anyone willing to write a review/critique! Let us know
time to trade your coffee for agua, Vatis!!
Wish I could have gone to state for prep soccer tonight
i do
Yes! Love it! Beautiful and appropriate. :)
lmfao you makin fun of me cause I said bro?
Stealing my things ? -______- I was gonna do that :o
thanks Alexis…that's mighty kind :)
Own or Rent? Owning a home is expensive.
school for the blind I dont see these niggas doin it
she's your #1 fan
This is actually gettin funny that this sub doesnt know how to NOT TALK!
At the Biltmore hotel Oklahoma city card show
I'm shocked...there's no preacher or choir?
Strike 4. And only one called a strike. Cashner is too fast.
Do you do Fitness exercises or like go to Zumba?
sing it lady- I'm ready to toss the whole thing.
yep! Josh is kicking off round 2 singing Imagine.
that's a lot of work. And it's fairly warm. I got Scotch too. Options are good.
Before I believe in you and me, before I let my heart go free, tell me that you want me like I want you.
Waxed my hockey stick with a scented candle. If you smell apple pomegranate coming at you, get ready.
Good morning! What are you going to do for yourself today?
Its bout to go down me and my husband be on some extra freaky ish wiw my mind and body stay gone I love it lol night tweeps!
Pats, Anything you can do, we can do better!!
the backend already supports the ability to customize it...bigger changes are also easy. i just need to document it! :)
Spending the evening sitting outside, eating fine food, sipping wine and talking with our girl, Regi and Yuya. Priceless.
I just got a phone call informing me that I should add Wordpress trainer/evangelist to my resume.
#Verizon 3rd tech visit discovers that the wiring outside has been devoured by squirrels.
Happy Thursday !! Miss you! Xoxo
That awkward moment when you realize you've been saying a word wrong your whole life.
cute pup, he does look cozy.
Depends on if R.A. Dickey is starting.
Turning in early, got a lot to think about. Gonna give it all to the Lord because He'll know how to handle it....
oh you know..places! Haha. And yea I haven't talked to you in forever! How's life?
You are not broken, there is nothing to fix except your false perceptions.
Busy day with 51 desks in use! Guess the sun comes out and Seattle folks are inspired to find community.
tell Greg to go find Benny Grebb in search of the "chit"
and now he's ejected.
#fb mobile hack going into html5 session
did you find your keys?
Today is going to be awesome. Quote that!
oh no! I'm sorry that you felt that way! It wasn't that at all!
do i really need to add relish? wiener whistles god iso gotta get one
same to you. The cards should be favored, but anything can happen. Neither school has a team to write home about.
I like your hair....
just 3? Still to far, Should've just stayed and played basketball!
I feel like changing my twitter name again...give me names peeps
Too much food. Grateful for being able to afford occasional gluttony.
Ugh! Food coma after 5 guys's bacon cheeseburger!
Spoke with police reps and they said increased presence b/c of juveniles, no arrests so far.
His sorry ass wouldn't have made it, either. He needs to shut up.
Congratulations!! Always a good moment. :)
C'mon Senator Barbra Boxer(D)...your election is coming up and its time to see if you have the backing to get re-elected...I THINK NOT!!
"Platforms.. feet pedicured with no corns....you got that butterlove
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger stand a little taller
Oh another for #Peyton Manning #peytonpitch two words plus ball travel bettrt in thin air
Beautiful clear sunny day in Seattle.
So full uhg
I love that tweets his locations! I hope 1 day to bump into him in an airport or Outback. It'd be a dream come true!
What do I watch, Signs or Red Dragon?
Would love to have you on today
I just wrote a poem. I've never done that done that before. It kinda felt like confessional.
Dropping some family off at the airport VERY early!! And then I'm racing home to see the video on CMT!!
I suck at this game.. I don't even know what to do lmao
oh lol. Well that's probably why he didnt want to ask u out. Maybe since ur older & was afraid you'd say no
There is a intimate connection between the Holy Ghost and partaking of the sacrament. (Book of Mormon Crash Course)
I'm sure you'll follow me one day, #KeepDreamin'
actively, for just a few weeks. i work with and he has motivated me to put this great social medium to good use!
welcome our partner charity, to twitter.
this horny lesbian wants me. uhh.
ow thank ya baby, it's cool :)
Liking #Lions offense so far.
Funny, that's what my adult co-ed softball team sounds like too...
And I'm pretty sure they have that authority.
College Sweethearts Find Love Again After 60 Years Apart, Marry In Their 80’s
Enjoy 's new show... It's very reminiscent of my early-20s experience... charming, funny & clever. Even my guy watches & laughs.
Sipping on cognac enjoying the evening with th kids....and amazed
I heard that Prince actually had a really terrible New Years Eve in 1999. After all that anticipation and pow! Food poisoning.
Where'd all this #snow come from!? Crazy how the weather here changes at a moments notice!
oh oh: ridonkulous!!! I actually used it today, not on purpose. Then I ran to the bathroom and threw up.
Oh. Well then! Guess I've got my evening viewing :) Thanks!
If you want a RT hit me you.
Scraped my chin last night. The latest tipsy trend is drunk diving
Cinco de mayo success, tacos and alcohol!!
we're so glad she had a great week!
Mom's homemade mole rojo for lunch. It's amazing!
Sausage and basil (thai) fried rice...I love my wok.
Hey when can you skyppppe?
i was thinking about how cool a parking lot party would be yesterday (+couches, lighting, etc). And w/ adults not toddlers.
I love when news anchors have to vamp for time. It's awkward & resembles a bad first date.
Chapter 2012 Page 54 of 366 Why can't everyone share my same opinion? That was a rhetorical question of course.
Jew always welcome to break bread here
Happy Birthday !!!! Wishing you many more bdays to come... God Bless!! RT
are the niners trying to get the worst record in the NFL by drafting aldon smith? Are they going for Andrew luck?
Well that run just sucked. Could have used a zombie to chase me for motivation
Beautiful fall day outside...the dog and I watching NFL Redzone. Dig it.
Congrats Mandy!!!! RT : My last week as an Education Abroad Advisor New adventures coming soon!
Kansas city airport has got to be the worst airport for a long layover and a delayed flight on top of it
You should do it for sure!!! Make a video and drop it on Youtube. Step one to going on your own DJ World Tour!
Power out in the offices of CBS Radio/Tampa.. I am afraid of the dark so in the studio w/ and
how much rotation?!
Instead of taking "Makeup Seminars" or "Workshops" come train with the BEST! Job Placement help after your Graduate!
I don't want to switch to CFL bulbs. There, I said it. I like the look and feel of incandescent bulbs.
hellz yeah ! RT : Man I'm excited about this #Brewers game!! Time to take the division lead!!
you guys need to talk strategy
I wanna see the dictator so badd
so what all end up doing yesterday??
so thankful to have the day off :) brinner with the GAS interns!!
Check out the Starlight Girls tonight at The Cell Theatre!! Tonight at 8pm. Tickets are only $7
not surprising since it is intra-city.
fuck Brooklyn an fuck the brooklyn cowboys.
Haha you can but you'll sink and probably break an ankle. I suggest wedges for our beachside marina dining and partying. ;)
"I've been waiting all my life - You're not a day, you're not a day too soon." ::sia::day too soon::
Hypnotized by The Franchise.
#MyLastGoogleSearch how to get love bug guts out of clothing.
Producer/Directors meeting today...There will be gold.
"Do you want to share that with the class?" "No that's why I whispered it."
lol okay then good job
...Pygmy goats are a goat species, not a breed.
thank you for following my #twitter page. Also follow my film page via
following back
Off topic, but timely: If you won tonight's $540 Mega Millions Jack Pot, what's the first thing you'd buy?
Looks like I am pulling an all nighter
I'm finding this 12-3AM work block to be my most productive time of day.
late night cravingss
We all okay :)
and KILL US ALL?
Not alright . Your mean
“: Our pleasure... You sounded great last night.”THANK U for such kind words!! :-)
Need a night with the girls after the Halloween madness? Join us for Girls Night Out Thursday at Sanctuary 4 sweets and shopping!...
Happens all the time. Hm.
Almost getting back to normal. Leaving my house this evening and thank goodness I won't be looking like how I have felt the past few days!
Random fact. Crispin makes me tired.
We are now hiring commited and experienced booking agents and a new head of street team!
Is GORGEOUS!! ;)
It's Sunday morning and I'm not hungover. Gym time!
Congratulations to all the and graduates, enjoy your weekend!
TWINS! Which race and when?
It's official... The snow has begun to fall! Drive safe and stay warm!
very funny about cab driver and Whole Food. What did you get?
How to Get Paid THOUSANDS of Times Per Day
its about to be 12 -_- i got work at 2.
seriously you're great! I want to work with you!
Lord I pray there's a way me and could attend !!! The #EpicNess would be immeasurable!!!!
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
sigh. that moment when a poster has both niall and selena and they both look gorgeous.
#Airfares are going up $5 per day after today for the #holidays! Buy now guys!
The DH today with George Mason has been postponed bc of inclement weather and will be played at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, May 1.
Why do people cheat with RECKLESS looking individuals ?????? -_-
The only good thing about Bob Evans is that they have wifi. Praise God I brought my iPad for this, my last Black Friday shopping experience.
How much is a ticket?
CASTING! Do you know anyone in a DESTRUCTIVE relationship? Must be in SoCal or Atlanta area! Email your story to
Well this sucks
Well bad morning for us in the security...i had to get checked for explosives and my mom lost all of our tanning oils and lotions..
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Contest time! First 5 people to RT this with their favorite froyo flavor win a U-Swirl VIP keychain!
annual cost to house an inmate in California is $35587 illegal immigrants comprise 15 percent annual cost 93million
p.diddy-ill be missing you on repeat :( still cant belive this bro R.I.P jamal :'(
People who are neat & well-groomed.
TOTALLY agree!
taylor gang or try to ride 2 skateboards at once
yes you are duly credited! bravoe!
I didnt see you today! Tomorrow?! Cc
I'm predicting double ot
really? Cool :)
Busy, Busy day here in the DanceFit office! We're looking forward to a long but fabulous week!!
Love me some Fat Allies. Big Fat Hugs 2 Forrest Martin, Gretchen Palmer, Amanda Mercedes Salles, + every other fat ally out there! Thank u!
So im in vegas an trynna figurre out wat to do
llnar woodley just sent out a thanks to the Seahawks on Facebook . You are lucky he was out last week
Still a SAINTS fan! WHO DAT!
I NEED A NEW BACKGROUND, FIRST PERSON TO RETWEET WILL GET THEIR TWITCON AS MY BACKGROUND LOL
": Kim Kardashian earned $17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later" That a no risk return on investment!
on NW Sports Tonight at 730 Bert from Last Comic Standing and The Shield!!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
I'm allergic to pineapple but love it anyways so I sometimes forget & end up hurting for days afterwards...can I be allergic to Oklahoma?
Happy Easter everybody ! (:
I hope you aren't stalking me....
I'm just rambling now.... I should really go to sleep.
with the consolidation of many Brewer Blogs, do you think that is a good thing for content going forward or a negative?
Search engines like unique content that is also quality content
But I know an ANNOYING ass feeling has to be getting sprayed with champagne by a drunk disrespectful nigga lol. I feel bad for those girls.
Awesome! Welcome
Going to sleep with a smile on my face [:
Instead of asking themselves" 2 love or not 2 love" ppl should ask themselves wether or not they want 2 get screwed over or not :)
so what happens if its a crappy ass party
funny how paul hasn't gone down to the quizno's to actually pick up a sandwich, but has eaten two...
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they know about all the skeletons in your closet, and they still love you.
Cam showing processing of Gov. Scott Walker recall petitions was turned off five days ago. Was anyone still watching?
I give yo ass top notch advice even got a petition to leave the person but you still go back or think bout them.
what bad memory would you erase?
lolz!! im doing well, workin and havin fun in between. And yes!! im totally down for bar hopping! without a shred of doubt!
Hiroshima I murder shit. Japanese my yakuza chick
hey sis!!! Thank you with your sanging self! God bless!
awww how sweet n cute. :-)
Hm time to name my Nu 3D tile.... Should I play it safe or should I push it???
I can't tell you what's on my mind really, but i can tell you one thing though.: We Must Learn.
gurls tha tlk to much on cam like stop tlking take ur clothes off c;
that would be fine with me! They wont have cousins on my side!! Lol! ;)
Only 3% of the #earth's water is #freshwater - we must protect this critical resource.
Pretty sure we know it's UK, sigh. “: Nerlens Noel will announce his college decision on April 11 on ESPN #Cuse #UK #GTown”
:) Ya got a point there! Though that can be fun too, all depends, lol.
Responding to an attack with an attack contributes to a downward spiral of negative interactions.
hate you right now! me and my boss were JUST talking about taco bell and mexican resturaunts.. NEED.TACOS.NOW.
. and by "sum of the parts" this includes logo, packaging, ads & what the customer thinks/feels about the prod
I suppose I'll get used to it eventually, but for now, all it does is make my eyes hurt. (Which, if I'm not mistaken, is EVIL.)
Just very bright.
Stocking up on fish at Joon. Gotta love a good fishmonger.
Today........ May or may not be a good day.
Happy birthday, !
Is O'Keefe really doing a "Scooby Doo routine"? His monsters turn out not to be real--but they aren't crooked developers either
I Love waking up in Vegas. Stay creative and work at your dreams!
LitFuse - Just updated my Twitter page.
Just saw bad manners went to loaded in hollywood , worst jukebox in Hollywood , a bunch of posers
actually, that's not a fair Q for twitter. Hard to sum up in 140 ;)
I wonder how many guys are actually going to do this?
Playing scrabble with my mom. It's kindof a challenge. There are so many words I just don't wanna use.
A trip to Italy via Newark. So good!
Dude. Think about it....
Have you heard the great news? I got a 3 book publishing deal from a wondeful publisher in the UK!! Tell me what goals have accomplished ...
So all you need to do to have a reporter like want to talk to you is to sit near ? What a joke.
Happy Easter everyone!!
feel like a cosmotologist
can it actually be spring now? I'm sick of this 40s and 50s crap. It should be at least 60!
I'm deeply conflicted about this.
#Bucs got Carl Nicks to boost run blocking. Just got versatile, 3-down back in Doug Martin who can take full advantage.
Thank you! We love you, too. Can't say that often enough.
my semester flew by and now I just don't know what to do with myself lol
Holla! STOKED. You know I love me some food trucks!
seriously? I like you man, but you sound jaded. Learn the sport dude.
SO I'M IN MY STUDIO LISTENING 2 ROCK CD'S, MAKING MY OWN ROCK COMPILATION & DIDN'T KNOW, THE FABULOUS T-BIRDS HOT STUFF ALBUM, IS THE SHIZZZ
I've decided that there is really no good explanation for tonight's #Obamajam. Only two ways out of the airport.
Oh, right! Show me a man who isn't criticized & I'll show you a man who stands for nothing.
Life is about making mistakes.. Death is about wishing you made more
What's wrong?
I can't tell if it's good or bad that the night I can't sleep is the night I have an extra hour to do so
editorial slog, Round 2. This is a definite exercise in keeping my Gmail folders ultra-organized!
Learn about min invasive facial rejuvenation at a free seminar at the Mermaid Winery on 22nd St. May 3 at 6pm
So over them,
this is brutal
I am Indian and they are Persian!!
Sometimes, I feel like the lone french fry in a box of onion rings.
Im trying to get through Blowback, start Morality of Capitalism, and maybe Hunger Games
What a huge guy check for my #Niners. NFC Championship Game, here we come!
Looks like I've got a lot of movie watching to do this weekend if I want to catch up on my Marvel superhero films before seeing Avengers.
S/O To all my new followers.... Just mention me and I'll
finally pitbulls getting positive press for the good dogs they can be .
Whoop whoop!
- just made it home doh !!! #HungryAf'
So... You won't do that?
Handbag catastrophe avoided at base of steps at #ECgrad commencement. Someone could have DIED!
Organization success - research show stockholder wealth increases substantially when firms place workers at the core of their strategy
geez la weez, and Hotch-a-do is closing for 2months cuz of renovation. Its gunna be one vacant corner.
anyone wanna go see Madagascar 3 wiff me? lololol
same here!!! the puppet always freaked me out!
- I can't wait to hear lady, you're a fire-starter....blazin'! Hope you made it back safely. Get home soon.
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone my mom on the other line and have them on hold for for ever
just finished #Veep no. 2. Loved them both.
reading, well listening to, a book about the folly of reading books, How to Talk about Books You Haven't Read,
Getting in the game, VINEYARD STYLE, I am thankful!
You should take your own advice.
haven't seen you all in 6 years-- looking forward to the show tonight!
I would love to see what is on your journey film
follow back plz
Going to #WGI this weekend? Stop by and visit our friends from who will be exhibiting at the event!
I got plenty, remember, I pulled you.
Movies like "Paranormal Activity" have kinda placed demonic possession in the realm of Paranormal...
I'm zooming down this little hill 😂
We are building.
#SMSK (Singles Mingle Summer Kick Off) tickets go on sale at 10am at all area Let's hook you up with a hottie :-)
I took my kids to the first Strasburg game (pirates) We may get the Nats new minor league stadium in Winchester. I hate phillies
Ok...as soon as you can execute melismatic runs as well as you can feel free to criticize his clearly nonexistent vocal talent
S/O to Brandon Jacobs! Dude 6-4 264 lbs just broke off a DB like Reggie Bush back at USC
Praying so hard for you baby. God has a plan for you I promise. I love you so much. <3
Mine are 3 and 2. They get no say right now. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Accessories, what? RT rofl! My boys wouldn't let me do that...:(
i need a life
Shit just got real
no way....hands free while driving. Free for the steering wheel that is...
thanks love :) can you tell I was super bored lol. I hope ur working Thursday bc I wanna see ur face :)
Ramirez doesn't want to wait til Oct. 25 to hear what's up w/ power plant demolition. He wants it on agenda next wk. Passes 3-1, Cox against
Holy cow. I got 10 and a half hours of sleep last night.
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;D
I think someone's messing around with your Twitter account :)
Good luck tonight, Britain.
About to perform at Phillip Randolph Middle School in Harlem
yea!!!!! Can't wait to see you both. Miss you too!
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Became a City Council Member in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
um no its not looking ugly because its not gnna happen, like u said u dnt kno why she said it
Am I going to pull any game? None whatsoever
": I have the tickets."< I should be up that way Saturday
Thanks Sherry! Appreciate your watching it. It was a fun day. Hope you get to see the
I'm at twerk wishin it was 530 already :(.
Laying down with my Kitty<3
better bash that booty
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!<33333333
sweet disposition.
going back to the old name
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
India&#39;s champion boxing mum eyes Olympic gold
Awesome job Alexandria on the results!
Fucking Apple Man
maybe don't open with that. just say "hey there"..?
do they archive those interviews somewhere? I just missed it!
A sophisticated rhetorician, inebriated with the exuberance of his own verbosity. ~ Benjamin Disraeli
ok accept my married request on bookface so wen can i ask u out
Pray for the Hubbard's, no one deserves to go through that.. </3
Yep, living our lives in public. Embrace it, but mind the store& keep track of your privacy settings
Gonna hop in the shower brb :))
The dialogue at tonight's forum is top notch. Raise the bar
Today's Meteor blog will be live from #blogwell. Meteor's and will be there! .
"And yet to every bad, there is a worse" -Thomas Hardy
Chicago this weekend for another Seinfeld Trivia Contest at the Ballgame!
THATS TRUE ,, PEEP MY POLE GURL JAM WEN U FIND TIME COLAB THIS THA DALLAS O.G BUT THA JAM IS AT MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187
hey thanks! We can't wait to open up in 2012.
We started early :)
Sounds perfect. Wish I could join you
glad i'm not the only one who realized this.
Who's going to be tonight? When should we meet? Every home match? Every match? Your call, this is your Supporters Club.
Planning for tomorrow! So excited for this new part of my life.
When it comes to turning out movies, I'm for Hollywood. -- Jeffrey Hunter
God fucking damn it.
your show is gonna be rockin' tonight. We're coming!!! Pushing through the crowd for your beautiful face. You're welcome.
Can't wait for The Amazing Spiderman. I think Spiderman is my favorite super hero.
you see the one when I tried liquor for the first time and took 15 shots in 2 mins I was done
Chicago, I'm playing a few songs & hosting a show tonight at lizard's liquid lounge. No cover, no attitude, bring your pup--it'll be grand!
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net for food, food bank?Julie
Who's up? WE ARE. Studio today to finish up the last few songs of the ep.
Does Jennifer ever look bad?
If Christina Aguilera gave Angelina Jolie some of her fat, the world would be a better place
Veep is outstanding. What a great well written show
I'll be nice to him, we won today for about the first time!
Did you know Hatch has a Hospitality Division? We can staff your next event! Call/DM for more details.
How big is his bust potential? are we talking Ryan Sims bust level? or Wendall Bryant level?
Like American Idol it airs in September. I used to watch the European XFactor for years, Glad it came to the US
Love hurts when God knows we deserve someone else
On Reading the Classics | The Steve Laube Agency
so now I gotta go to the doctor...greatt
I am a big advocate of reading. What are you guys reading currently?
Elizabeth Smart at #ywcaelpaso luncheon: "Don't let the past rule your future."
Canon targets RM250m from new printers
Rosco is able to stay thanks to a generous private donation. Also going to try and get donors to provide food for Rosco.
": Why is like almost every girls' Twitter name is always suck/eat/lick/ this? -____- = Basic Bitches .."!!!!!!
well @ least u know 2 things...I'll b missed, & I'll have a fun filled last week in SF!! :) sounds better than my next week...
OKC going all. the. way.
Is my neighborhood (old Irving) the only one in Chicago that doesn't have power right now? Time to ride my bike, I guess.
Step up in the club, lil mama bad<3
less than 24?! It's less than 3 for us! Cheese binge!!!!
Re: leftovers, how often do you consider your RAW food leftovers? how often your cooked food? (Subject of latest online post. Pls comment!)
Looking forward to checking it out. Thanks for the tip!
I thought you, and I were partaking in this? #oneforallandallforone?
Had any good pie lately? :)
Look into your pain and find your praise..!
maybe this could truly beThat I'm in love, in love, in loveOh I'm in love, in love, in love (`▽´)-σ
I feel that I am a very disappointing Twit-ter. Sorry I have so little to twit about. Does that make me a twit?
You said you would never leave, and I said I would wait forever...guess we both said things we didn't mean.
u need to bring electro back! where the music at!? :P send me trax !
Poke war
Davis leads 45-32 with 1:49 left in the third. Too many turnovers for Evergreen if it wants to pull the upset."
Keith said he had a good time and mentioned cool letterpress Canadian!
hook it up ?
If you only knew.
IT'S FRIDAY AFTERNOON! It's warm and sunny. Go ahead and guess what I'm thinking about. If you said federal tax law you are correct!
I'm an early adopter in some circles and a late majority in others!!!
I was not, that really does look exactly like us!
Interview? Will it be posted?
does George W. Bush have an official twitter? If so, him first. XD
got him!
Remember when Ryan butler shaved his head ?
I need a swimsuit. I wonder if I can get a suit like Elastigirl from the Incredibles.
open ya mouth
Me, mindless!? (Looks at this alt. Account) *scratches head* Since when? - aka Auntie Kristen
I love your smile,I love your eyes,I love your laugh,I just love everything about you Niall <3
First impressions of GODORT hotel: not that scary. My room has two tiny bathrooms, and the floor is uneven, but it's clean. We'll be ok
Saturday marks the third regular-season meeting between the Galaxy and the Timbers, with the series tied at 1-1-0.
Thanks everyone for an amazing pitch fest!
Well. Yes.
they have a nandos in DC... Wanna go before your gig on Friday? :)
30 more minutes and I'm "hitting the hay" for the night!
Happy New Year everyone!
i need kate's last name from john and kate plus 8. do u know it?
I am so tired but I have to go to Physical Therapy.
Kids playing while eating dinner. A spits out a piece of food. C says "thanks for sharing, A.". #ha!
Today is going pretty slowly, but at least I have s coworkers to entertain me!!
My butt is on fire!! Thought you'd appreciate a little laugh before finals. Hopefully I make it to mine 😖💨💩🚽
This evening I'm going to see Dave Mescon in Haight-Ashbury. We haven't meet since 11/May/2001 in Colorado. That is 9.93 years ago.
Definitely old news, but a lot of people still are not aware.
How was your day?
Just one person having control over personel is never good. Look at some of moves Shanahan, McDaniels, & Jerry Jones have made for example.
English is cancelled again. Its been cancelled for the past week lol we
Dining alone can be really relaxing!
#Prettylittlethings was funded by generous donations from over 200 individuals and families.
“: Fletcher Cox will wear No. 91” I feel a twitter name change.
Thank you Drunk Dude. I appreciate you taking the time to explain Exit Through the Gift Shop to me.
i wish i had a mom that would actually listen to me & understand me. but my mom just yells at me all the freaking time..
were two hearts, but with one beat, were to brain, but with one thought, were two souls but with one.....uh shoe.
Just left a fab meeting I love the fact that this globally-renowned landscape and urban designer is reading The Hunger Games.
just bought the LatiNations.com url, La La LatiNations.com (that tagline took me 3hours and its not even mines)
What was the first #W2P #SaaS (Software as a Service) solution? PagePath came out in 1998 with vDocs, relabeled as MyOrderDesk in 2000.
Double chocolate cake and ice cream m...m...m
Today was the first day the strawberries at the farmers market really looked great. Good arugula, too.
I got a chance to visit the distillery last year, they are great guys and run a super cool Distilling class.
Not yet. Oh god, is the prom episode worse than this? I hate everything. Except this last song -- Shake It Off. *tears*
thanks for the suggestions :)
Best juicer ever
Yes, enjoyed it very much. Thanks.
aight bro im bout to right now
#SACUBO keynote: Judge Beau Patterson "the BO's Key Assett-Leadership" starts with a rap (oh my)
RT RT when u a grown ass man watching bad girls club.... #aintnobodygottimeforthat <<<
that sounds bloody brilliant? YouTube evidence?
yes Pappy then you can show us poor fans your best cover in that super cool plane :D How about a contest for the gang?
Working today at South Park Mall, Gotta love #xmas gotta, love anyone else working holiday season
Today I learned that the guy who directed THREADS also did TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE. But which was the more scarring experience?!
They have good customer service, great warranty and warranty support, easy to use, easy to clean, not heavy, etc....
I lost a great friend today.
Mark your calendars for our open house next Thursday, August 18th from 5-7pm
LJ is a young 30. Got a late career start behind Preist. Vermeil ~Take off diapers
Yes, I'm sure in no time he'll be dancin'... Yeah!
nice order, are you graduating?
launches new website! Looking forward to working more closely with and
Lena del rey !!!!! Bible her music is dope !!
about to get on some roller coasters lol :D
That sucks nigga.
im 16 how old r u?
I'm enjoying seeing peoples reactions to the new #chatter feature in #salesforce.com Its like SFDC has become FB and it scares ppl
why do we have to be the "really emergency back up plan" for problem landings ... not the first time ...
"It's rare that I interview people that I don't talk to....a conversation begets a conversation"...well said paul
playing at the pool
345: As long as I've been a member, my gym has been talking about new equipment. I'm thankful that today there were finally new bikes!
well go read it!! Lol
Nice to see a Baltimore talent on here!
Leaving Flagstaff - productive day yesterday in Museum of Northern Arizona Owl Rock Member microvertebrate collections.
Rolled That Loud Now Im Faded
I found your profile through a friend lol. I've just started my account too. I think it's from the popular adds, like magazines.
Sweeney Todd. Forever
Sorry people I am never coming back on here again sorry
Venice beach ca is where I belong
Thinking the Syracuse bandwagon just got a bit heavier.
I wish you great success. Time to get rid of the tie. may not be cool with flip flops just yet.
what's the weather supposed to be like come first pitch?
On the menu....tempura shrimp!
You have to do what brings you joy, I really don't see the point in anything else.
-I do this daily at the junior high. Just want to make it better.
good job texting me!
I can't stop the war shelter homeless feed the poor I can't walk on water I can't save ur son or daughter I can't change the world
I could stay up and annotate My Antonia or I could go to bed at a normal time for once
pepperonis on pepperonis fat stacks
Paper over pussy nuthin above it...
So bored
What!!!!!!! RT : I just land in NYC and what do I always say!? !! GSP is out with an injury!!!
It's a beautiful day at the Links! Come out and enjoy a round!
no no. just found the quote on the internets.
Which is better? Source Code or Limitless?
Ravens offense is looking better in Madden 13 with Rookie WR Tommy Streeter 6'5 to go along with Torrey Smith's wheels.
Thanks, Jordan! It's an honor to be included. (and hi everyone!)
my condolences.
You're welcome! Great project, very much within our field of interest!
Yay veggies! Glad it reminded you of me. :D
stop by and see us.
Dwight Yoakam playin 'Little Sister' @ Floore Country Store. Yeah!
This moment right here is called.....happiness
I think you'll need to start that cheer with
Thanks, Chris!
what a fairy
Hanging out with the crew. Missed these buttheads.
New roadside billboards are up. Riding mower? I really think West Seattle yards are a little small. Better fit for Granite.
The FSE Just Happened
Three Kegger Thursday at 23 Palmer tonight. C ya der cowboys and cowgirls.
holy fuck I'm so jealous. Have fun!
NEVER SAY YOU DON'T NEED THE KIT. Tupac said that and well...
Agreed, but it's definitely for the better. This team needs to rebuild through the draft, not by getting swept in the 1st rd
I guess the good ole fashion "ass whoopin" is just a rare unorthodox trademark of the 90s..
Always there in spirit! Helps that I can listen to in Chicago!
good job at practice
Entire Law practices have been built off of a properly executed newsletter.
When #JOBSAct crowd funding provision is enacted, will unleash a new wave of early stage capital, predicts
I'm assuming that's a good thing... Haha, thanks! You were my 1st fan! I won't forget the little people when I get rich & famous ;)
SHE WET LIKE AH POOL THATS WHY ITS RULEE NO RUNNING OR YHUR GOINN TOO SLIP
Last day of college, and what song do I wake up to? None other than "Another Brick in the Wall pt. II." How appropriate!
what about Muppets? Old news already?
no traffic problems, we're right off the highway at Ritchie Coliseum at Univ of Maryland
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 3
Penalties killing OSU momentum
Let's not forget about Dashboard <333 Chris really outdid himself tonight.
#RT if you got sum head for yo birthday this year
good morning Lou! :) x
see i never forget about the hommies. I am a real friend, I dont let what the industry thinks sway me away from my friends
Eating Boston Baked Beans!!!!!! Are they not the best candy ever?
they do for 1/4 gallon
any idea of timeline for payback yet?
In a bright spot for the day, Yankees tickets have been secured for Thursday night. Here's to no rain in NYC!
Huh how funny colts get 1st and last pick in draft.
I pray you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Holiday! Continue to give thanks and be grateful for all He has done for you! Be Encouraged!
I haven't watched Survivor for a few years. I thought only 2 went to final tribal. Did it used to be that way?
I Luv all the Avi's, We know how to Represent our man
Mumford & Sons on repeat all day
I c someone is a player hater lol
wait, this is so awkward , i didn't get a new DM from youu !
Thanks for another great article in The Networker. Always good info and insight.
1) The def is the general scouting one. I was just applying Greinke to that standard. KG has nothing to do w/ it directly.
It's good to see you're using Twitter the right way.
congrats Alec Baldwin with your girlfriend
I just saw 2 hummingbirds humping...what a beautiful world
Goodnight to you
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetsOnMyNerves ask me if I'm okay 24/7. i get that i'm fucked up, but you don't have to ask me constantly.
Vote taken to hold off on rate increase until next month passes. No increase today, but could be changed at full board tomorrow.
Honestly With the strength of our love We can go nowhere but up <3
*bows in return* Pleasure to make your acquaintance
I'll still be here when you come back buddy. Everybody needs a little break sometimes. I've considered it myself recently.
I hope its just taking one player at a time not the Player wanting more money.
cheer up princess<3 theres very few girls like u out there, your special & loved, a lot of people love u I bet, including me(: dw
Such a long night. Had fun partying with , , and
hm........ Already had something sweet from Mcdonalds.....
aww congrats to him!
#g-ma askd me how my day was ... i said i had a #grape day ....103%
RT : If you could bottle #yankeewhine, it may be the best selling east coast vintage ever!
A man's home is his castle,you just have to make it a home first.
Needs to hit me up like, when she's free. Cause yeah. Haha.
You're not the person I used to know.
yes definitely! sad we missed each other
Follow me I follow back.
More teacher's cuts.Send Gov Scott Walker an email. "" Gov Scott Walker email per
Came home early to sleep and Donald wants me to go run errands.
i hid all my shit under daves bed
RT : Don't assume you're the customer. You're not. They are. Show early, Show often. Test your content
Green thumbs up for GREEN TEAm
I Wanna Go To The Hookah Bar In A Couple Of Weeks.
I still can. :p
Even guys want that even if some of us act to hard to admit it
Great way to close #The AMA's. killed it!
You too man!!
#np Drake ft. Rick Ross-Lord Knows
your welcome! love you too:)
just wanted to make sure we were hearing the same rumors
I do what I want
Considering NL pitchers bat all the time, inter league play, and the WS for that matter, only favors #A (aka NL).
Neva knew tracey beaker was in the film alien lol omg its just like her but, old
I can quit anytime I want!
Burying your cat is not a fun way to start the day...
For #NorwegianBachelorComicBookOwners? >RT Of course the comic book shop in St Paul, MN is named Uncle Sven's.
good luck maybe we'll see you around soon
going to bed. soo tired, goodnighht:*
Who's up for a drink with me today or
Twitter is just like saying Any shit that comes to your head...
Why do I keep getting paragon points!?
yea, you going
ain't shit homey check out some of the music and videos that I've posted
Don't fret. The 3/19 opener will also be on Root Sports. Local broadcasters, local flavor = better for Timbers fans. IMHO
he was done for years then came back through the dleague. Did the same double take.
week 2 but I night actually go both lol
Hoping the sea salt air oceanside blew away all the obnoxious germs from the guy sitting near me and his cough attack
jp's visitation. rest in peace <3
sorry pal. Ill be in Flo-rida tanning my skin and flexing abs.
One Thing by 1D is stuck in my head. No complaints tho
Japans marching band is the only band or float which had dedicated photographers... just sayin
#ShoutOut to pursuing that dream . Wish the best of luck for you !
More than half of America lives on less than $50,000 a year (the entire family). People forget that.
#SFers - the boy is dying to go to the I Love This City Festival coming up. Have you been? Is it worth the high-price tix?
hope you are hitting hard! fighting crime.. go batman! :D
Now in bloom in Jack and Wise Counties: redbuds, peach trees, wild plums, daffodils, irises, and lilac.
Spent all day promoting w/ for the reading Sept.27th Art Gallery in
"iPads in the Science Classroom: What's Worked and What Hasn't" by is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
Come check out Scarlot and the Harlots tonight w Dave Hammer's Power Supply and Antelur. Stone Tavern in Kent, OH.
Clippers and Grizzlies might not be champ level teams, but they sure are playing some exciting ball.
Very possible. You? Who are you excited to see?? RT: Makin a presence both weekends?
C B. 4ever and ever
ME: "OMG I have to tell you this story about-" *starts laughing* *deep breath* "Ok there was this-" *starts laughing*
i don't like him! He needs to go home
No worries about location. Belltown folks know how to hail a cab. We'll keep an eye out for a gig that works and check it out.
WHY are my customers not getting shipping options!?
#DerrickRose see you in 2013. Rehab summer.
Pizza for breakfast was AWESOME!
I'm listening to "Pretty Wings" by MAXWELL
Shout out to my bro 3rd place in his race. Lol what the fuck have y'all done so far today
Playing some #sc2 to clear my mind.
I think ima stp going out fridays cz,i hate waiting all day for my baby on saturdays...
omg i just spoke to her :')
the juice revolution lives on!! in #milwaukee #organicjuice #juicing easiest way to feel good, always :)
Live off of whats in your pocket, dont count on money your getting in the near future.
people are just so fucking stupid
Breaking: #sabres commit to never winning a stanley cup by giving vote of confidence to a coach who is a proven loser.
I didn't hear that and I'm watching too haha
CP3 won't allow a game 7. Too good.
#whitepeople s #Lameassnigga tweets are funny.
yes, I believe it does!
Just a heads up: Henderson Libraries will be closed this coming Saturday, Sunday and Monday in observance of the Christmas holiday.
Awesome...Mike is great!
I can't even act like I didn't just spend $10 at
I wanna be FOREVER YOUNG!!
YES! RT : YES! #UWsocial RT : Don't you think a liberal arts education is perfect training for social media?
Initial release of app in iTunes store. Not final yet. Some confusion over free vs fee. App download is free. Annual Service fee to use.
Happy New Yr to all! I hope every1 ate their beans or 12 grapes, which I just learned about, or whatever u do for luck & a good new yr start
Really enjoyed the awesomely endless parade of ugly prom dresses at Spaghetti Warehouse tonight. I wish I had my camera!
It's GREAT!
Always expect bad things to happen because wen something gud happens it makes it so much better
swag doesn't pay the bills lol RT i don't need a life......i have SWAG :)
could be worse, but it'll still probably cost way more than it should. Glad you're ok.
Can't stop now =)
Wow! Editing your promo for Friday night story. Scary stuff. More to come.
: It isn't too late!!! Join #RelayForLife and sign up at the field tonight!!! Doors open at 6:30 pm on Harbin Field.
Morning... Why must you come so early?
hey girl!! Where have u been? How r u?
The only way today's game could have been better was if men were playing and I actually cared.
I agree great job, I am jealous...I can't do that
At Denver Jazz in the Park
thanks for the retweet!
Glad to have an Option #5!
Going to watch a movie...Goodnight!
My pleasure. Thank you! ;-)
god, shut the fuck up. im putting in my headphones to drown out this chaos.
It owes us lol. 11 more inches and we can have what we were originally told.
Welp wheels up back to Findlay!! 🚗💨
In basketball, the Pac 12 is our little sister.
Lights go out and it's just the three of us. You, me and all that stuff we're so scared of.
I did.
fag? Thanks dick :(
sorry guise. :3 i havent been on lately. but its not like you guys missed me or anything..
The Key to Butterfly: Keep your head down and hump the hell out of the water!
you stating to the true :) love you too with all my heart <3
Would it drop this year?
So does the out of tune guy yelling "here we go Marty, here we go!" between every point help you, or do you want to strangle him?
*bends over n mini skirt to pic up wrap*
From : "The Main Street Program is working, downtown Milford and Holly are 100% occupied...but there's still work to do"
#THATSHOULDBEME in you're dreams
on his way to large fire in Newport. He'll be live at 9 & 10 on Fox 9.
+ + me = epic craziness
Coming soon A NEGRO LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN: All American Girls. OCT 5th - 7PM - Off-Broadway Actors Temple Theatre
I TOOK A SHIT AT 11:59 REPRESENTING THAT THE CRAP I TOOK FROM 2011 IS BEING FLUSHED
you guys sounded KILLER! tonight
How much did that cost you? What did it taste like? Was there a toilet bowl on the bottle?
Luv U , can u please follow me, & want to show my supporty 4 u girl. Know that u have two little angels that truly luv u.
One great thing about being an student is access to the #AmericanSong database & adding Booker T. & the MGs to my education.
STOP TWEETING ME or ill call the twat police!
M....wonderful, restful weekend :)
I'm convinced Gladys has found the Fountain of Youth. Very inspirational and classy.
Between trying to type & trying to listen, I think this is the first time I have really looked at 's Prezi.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come most alive, because what the world needs is people who have come alive. --H.Thurman
Hey where can slide deck be found?
60 min till auditions from galveston Texas. Tunnel into fox for a great night.
Very happy not to be getting 'An error as occurred' error message on every embedded YouTube video. Thanks G!
yup.. irritated but I'm good.
she's not going to give you the money
Partner David Cutshaw has recently shared several recent cases involving medical malpractice. Check out these hot topics...
What's Love got 2 do w/ it? #Everything damn it Jenolo 4life baby
have you been their before? I went twice, I love it! It's no NYC though.
I WISH.
I stand corrected. Ahead of schedule! In-tunnel service by then too or just remaining stations?
Yes! That sort of reminds me of Mother Teresa saying: "We serve life not because it is broken but because it is Holy."
40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released. THE GODFATHER! Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies
Shouts out to RT
New York beat Miami, so torn!
Happy Thanksgiving! What is your favorite (or least favorite) Thanksgiving food?
That's disappointing. RT The #Blackhawks have relieved Assistant Coach Mike Haviland of his coaching duties. Super nice guy.
Am digging #RFF with the family. Gergeous weather. Cool Tibetan monks singing. Next is Persian percussion, I think.
today is a once in a 4 year day. what I do will be burried in time for the next 4 years.
RT : I heard it last night actually lol - good good... I hope u left a comment ..on here or on 99 JAMZ ?
Q2: I like the Oh Joy
lmao! I'm crying from laughing
Seems like a good day to just drink....
George Wallace!
I need some book suggestions to read over the break. Difficulty: I read FAST, so need 4-8 books. What's your fav recent read?
Yikes! CB
I can't wait to smoke a fat cigar and sit by the bonfire.
yo gap so big i can kick a field goal thew it "IT'S GOOD "!
There will be another round of the MDA Boot Drive on May 3, 5 and 12.
#dblsocial about to get started at 2 pm MC for event Social media for local campaign
TODAY! RT : Happy Thursday! Selected wraps are $1 dollar off!
Perfecting my ice-waddle this afternoon :3
Healthy news and information from Dr. Allen Ashforth. Published monthly by Ashforth Chiropractic Family Wellness Center. April 2012 issue.
You bet! Great organization and great people. RT: Thanks for being the emcee for today's luncheon!
are u saying u got a new tattoo?
Hoping to find the best jazz and blues Christmas music this year. Any recommendations?
Thanks. May wait to read til I write my own. Enjoy your weekend!
im getting better and thats good watcha been up 2
Go Tigers!
Joint Finance Committee discussing the budget lapse, incl $70 million in proposed cuts to UW system. Rep. Richards: "This is the wrong way."
I did not. But it was a very near thing.
I (do/do not) care what ingredients are in the natural products I use in my hair and on my body! (please pick one)
blah, blah, blah, this is just a test ...
Michigan needs more infrastructure, rail & bus systems, btwn Detroit & suburbs to keep pace w others, Chicago, Atlanta,Boston!
Lol yes i will be there sunday(:
Thanks for the shout out...turn it up!
depending on where u sit
Its not easy to not show someone that they hurt you, but I refuse to give someone that power over my emotions.
Me too you
Italy and France are both eliminated from the World Cup. I can't say that I'm disappointed.
Get 20% OFF your or order by using the repcode "Blaze1Up" at the checkout!
Done with the first set of marking. Now to a working lunch to discuss the English major's "information fluency" requirement
Auto correct on my phone hates me.
doesn't matter we can decide on the way lol
u should cause trust is in luv
break from bike tour @ msm for a rehearsal...
I know there have to be fun things happening in Boston on Memorial Day weekend. Anyone know what they are?
Drunk as anything while fishing,i can't cast right ,got some1 2 type this 4 me
I'm just laughing at the peeps that picked him up
Having Your own car is the BEST!.
Why hello, old friend!
At the neurologist getting my head checked out X_X
so bennu-jealous right now. Come play sf, and bring one of their comfy chairs with you?
Thanks for the follow!
Haha! My real name is Jessica Garcia.
Beautiful Saturday morning in Dallas!
And I hope you like your pictures facing down, as even broken hearts may have their doubts.
Addicts/alcoholics compare themselves to others and say "I am not as bad as them" I cannot be an addict/alcoholic
man my night aint over wats good twitter hmu
Poster artist for the festival? Check! Signature look for the festival? Check, check! Check out today's article on this year's artist...
let's great a town like that so I can kill for the greater good....I feel like the middle of south dakota could work.
Was it more of an election or a usurpation?
Instead of talking about the Pastor; pray for the Pastor. He was praying for you when you were down. (more @ daryldorsey.com)
Hour and four on the route! God my niece rocks.
seriously doe..im grindin!!no lien!!
you never know my nig lol
theres no recollection of the evil things ive done man I mustve had some fun!!
jumping up and down right now... I never thought I could do better than a B in developmental and my final grade will be an A-
Running late sitting in this damn NON Bmore traffic
I love it when i have to struggle to breathe, thanks allergies.
Don't tell student what's appropriate, have them tell you. Let them think for God's sake.
I see friend! Keep following
Ah, shucks. RT For updates on his amazing party photos, appearances, and other tidbits, follow my good friend
and tomorrow is going to be a long day. site launch. ah times 1000.
Where df is >:O
Great crowd
Its Foggy Ass Hell Dis Mornin
It's 30 degrees in the Kohl for the Sweet 16 reception
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHICA
good luck ☻
Just finished a cognitive walkthrough of a mobile weather app & immediately wondered if it was going to rain tomorrow.
Thanks! The weather was really perfect. Twas a good time.
Headlining at International Summit in Konstanz: Nick Van Eede of Cutting Crew ("Died in Your Arms" "Been in Love Before")
just wait till all you order is the venti with 3 extra shots of espresso.
Much love love to all the haters, lovers & all in between. The RBB ain't for everyone, but for the ones in the know...hellz yeah!!
...well this sucks
thanks and see you there
Adios Twitter <3 Finally on a computer! Deleting my account.
hey austin follow me back please i love you so much<33
Join our Citizens on Segway Patrol, we will train you to ride these amazing vehicles!
Great article! I'd love to see inside LP and how much I'm sure its changed.
RT : Mobile is the key to replicating the Amazon personalized experience, in-store
check your dms? its super important.
when are u coming to the east we really need u there cannot live a day with out u <3 #iloveyou #boyfriend<3
i have been meaning to tell you, your goats milk cheesecake has been added to my "if i only had one meal left" list. Amazing!
Hair session n a few my hair Finna be hella dope for tomorrow
A5: Silence or "Have you considered a career in another field?"
just how horny bro
Trent is a beast. Cant wait to see that dude run in the bigs.
it was the most hidious thing ever...ugh...i rememberbit like it was yesturday..
I'm doing well;) Ty~I'm sry things r uncertain 4u~I wish I cld help;( I LUV U!!! If I cld, I'd give u a BIG OL'SQUEEZE!!! Xoxox
exactly!! so its a swear word
when people assum my twees are for them <<<<<<<<<<<<<
RT We are live right now #NEW I got some new usher, mavado, camron, & frank ocean! #ItsGoingDown - Im in WA tuned in
Gods love for me is greater than any mistake I have ever made. Thank you Jesus.
RT : The shit I see on twitter is RIDICULOUS
Thanks for the suggestion!
super fun preview party last night of collection for - gorgeous art and great company!
good to meet you in real life! I hope you had some good fun while in Austin
S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy <3
live it up sister. One of the few perks:)
Oh Seattle I've mist you.
How do you not like panera? The food is slamming haha
Belieber <3 I Am What I Am.
so happy to be on twitter :)
Cheryl, intermediate school librarian in a Dallas suburb. New here
Show your #CLE pride! WEAR it! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com our updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
preciate it hoody, i'll just miss a few games. i'll be at all of em, just drugged out lol. maybe gary wont hit me with a helmet
Reading the ILTA white paper: Safer Cloud, Better Practice: Ten Cloud Computing Considerations.
Aww, this is the last time that I'll drive to work from this apartment.
Here comes Danny Gokey, NEXT!!!
Watching Goal! 2: Living the Dream
these hoes aint fucking so i cant say its crackin.. But for entertainment & the experience then yeah
Ok I'm creeped out.
thats right!! RT Money and motivation RT : Money is the move
RT : so good, you'll never wanna leave abq #ff <--So kind of you to mention us!
Great to have you on Twitter!
Top of the morning to you. We bring to you the finest coffees From around the world. Fresh roasted, perfectly brewed. Will u join us?
just darn. Like socks. I do like my in laws. Just missing a bunch of cool stuff that weekend. Bah.
Troy Brouwer the #1 Star for the Caps win today and the exact kind of player the #Blackhawks lack!! Thanks Stan
Minus the "fame" and potential STDs and the rear entry video with Ray J, Kim K is still hawt. Yeah, I said it.
#community is back!
"Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV." *click*
Thanks for the refollow.
I think this data can be crowdsourced and licensed to developers more cheaply. I'd love to tackle this at a Startup Weekend.
We are 1/2 way through National Library Week! Tweet 6 word library story
It's becoming a pet peeve of mine that people post Amazon links to their favorite books.
. Optimism. if don't believe you're going to succeed, how will anyone else. higher level: Faith. in ideas and people
i just laugh at bitches likee you.
Ramon Sessions was a great pick-up for the Lakers. Definite upgrade over the fossil Derek Fisher.
Where is budget records?
No better time than the present.
Register for "pantherFILE-Web Client" course on Tuesday, Dec. 7th. It's the last FREE short course of the semester. www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
you are so slow!!!!
welcome! now, good luck on keeping up w/ instapaper back file. Plus no NYT stories (even if you save each page) will really save.
About to read some lines infront of a class and attempt to act..not sure how I feel about this..haha
lol I can go on campus I'm suspended :b
you already know + a lil bit a chron-tanamo bay
Watching Star Wars V on bluray.
a Cosmo on the beach with my hubby!
THANK YOU
Will do and thank you
Wish I had the last minute of Nancy Richardson speaking. What a great message!
I'm not a Tebow fan, but hate the #pats more. #onegamebandwagon RT I'm a Tebow & Broncos fan today. #FuckthePatriots!!!!!
Sixers are gonna get smacked in the semi finals they play with no heart they only want to play when they feel like it.
BACK TO BACK TO BACK JACKS!!!! #THATSASTREAK !!! 3 In A Row ! Wow Santana CRUSHED the ball!!!!
Gold on the ceiling -> little black submarines by blows my mind
Only good thing about Dark Shadows was the new trailer.
Gotta bop to the top!
Tonight! You give us $10, we give you all the tap beer you want, any of 10 varieties. Any questions?
I'm doing an interview with Bavarian Public Radio in Munich this morning. I don't know any German profanity, FTW!
Spent Tues digging thru extensive archives of college papers/notes & music memorabilia circa 1994-2001. Now comes the fun part--organizing
go University of Florida, the college hometown for education and celebration of success
great idea! RT : I'd like to see a student edcamp/edcafe that starts with questions...their own questions.
Pop up ads/ messages are not welcoming. I just want to read the article/ get the information...nice if the headline isn't deceiving, too.
Bout 2 get in the Word II Corinthians 10, dinner and quality time with the BEST wife in the world!!
Wise men talk because they have something to say. Fools talk because they have to say something. (Plato)
had a fun night & this afternoon with ashly. sitting at my house bored right now.
This AP test is freaking me out.
yes, i know...you interviewed me too. ;)
Well, that makes it better. :)
Well, what are you waiting for?! RT : Have you saved a life lately? When you donate blood, you could save 3 lives.
Rough day? Sounds like you need a hug.
Anger is like fire - if it is unfocused & destructive it can cause harm, but when it is focused & constructive it can do great things.
that was the worst thing; I didn't want to do that anymore. I wondered how not to do that. what is "not do" / what is removal?
you know just what i like. (i resisted the urge to call myself "mama" just now.
Just learned that is trying to bail on our #UFC NYC weekend. Actions... have consequences... cc:
Studying machine psychology today. At what point does an AI become autistic or a savant? Do all computers have OCD? Interesting questions...
You'll always be a beauty in my book.
Thanks for the follow, yes a kinder reality for us all is desired.
Just another day doing what I do
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are broccoli soup or Mushroom. Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Been dying to try the food at Samba Brazilian Steak House. Anyone been? What can ya tell me??
Hehe I duck. Those trucks scare me!
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
I miss the beach :(
WHERE IS THIS BOX OF BOOKLETS
hmu dem still around 2 stranger
I hope so babygurl... promiise yu won't overwhelme yo self... W.O.R.D. is real
Watch the devil make game7 go 3OT then come get some
I think it's an Orca Soundings book! Can't recall title!
Stay tuned for the More Or Less DJ Tent lineup @ Hampdenfest 2011!!!
I don't know about that - last night's 9th inning come-from-behind W against Texas might have provided a spark.
nice.... You should post it on YouTube....
#420 - to those celebrating 420 today, I enjoy 540. It means you have until 5:40 to get the f$+& out of my face.
We love all you crazy mo fo's out there!
There really should be a hugging booth.
no disrespect . not a fan of the kardashians but i love you and your wife. so cute
so many people are so jealous of you right now... (me included)
Finna do a quick work out 💪💪💪
morning! I have the same tank you're wearing in your prof pic. You look much better in it though.
have you seen the Avengers movie yet? How does Stuttgart, Germany really look??
searching for Quality Assurance Manager candidates for fantastic opportunities in Iowa, Colorado, and Minnesota #MEAT #BEEF #SQF #BRC #HIRI…
cool and nm just at home bored!! Ugh TN is boring!
Who is watching sunday best? www.twitter.com/BETSundayBest
Leaving Lancaster, pizza and beer for my birthday near my office, let me know if you wanna come by... Get at me yo.
#ImHopingThat one day ill be good enough for you.
Help Me Believe.
I hate my bus driver she so stupid she writing me up just because I was telling someone to stop uploading a video of me to utube
agreed RT : Who bought lotto tix?
The Magic of Monk with Jeff Antoniuk & The Jazz Update starts now!
oh he got that cane goin!!!
OK. Publix's desserts are pretty good. you good...
If healthcare reform happens, will providers sign up to make less and have more regulation? Only time will tell.
If I see someone retweet that ghetto ass bitch alexis miller again I'm unfollowing you. Tired of seeing hoes on my timeline.
saint pattys is Saturday...
Our shirts rock!
Mcdonalds drive through guy trying to make conversation.
#Taurus are always clear about the fact that - You need to know your role Jabroni !!!
Josh Hutcherson is not in DC yet STAY TUNED
it's where I work now with D, just got promoted :)
Next person that comes to booth #6813 will win a free pair of pastry swag headphones
Yeah...but it causes problems. lol
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential. -Anthony Robbins
you don't owe a nigga nuttin
yea. I really want one
really enjoys watching the Madison Common Council.
Thought: indigenous shamanic healers are distinguished from questionable sorcerers by their identification & service to a community.
I beat the system. I have a chiropractor. They get nothing.
I love you girl , I rides for you any day boo «3•_•
Thx for the invite! I'm lunching with today, though. Enjoy!
Theres no other choice but to, unfortunately
....can't wait to hang out this weekend...LOL
supporting #reading and eduction one book at a time, inspiring #interview for #DLF, big book launch #party tomorrow!
My girlfriend is #awesome!!!!
#FF we love working with
ah, my singing coach canceled. /: so gonna go get my cartlige pierced instead whoop! :D
Really enjoyed your talk tonight! One of my strengths was context, but I'm not sure it applies to me. Can you explain it more?
Hey are you following yet?? I didn't realize they are on twitter!!
ill tuesday! RT : Chilling in bed, smoking a bowl, listening to and thinking about how much fun I had last night.
Thanks Stacy!
Why cant Arianators be nice to each other? All we do is argue.My god
same!! That looks sweet
we got a STANDING OVATION at the end of the show!! :)
Saw it. Pretty good. And I wore my special shirt.
Can I just mention, Freddie's, a little low on cheap wine. Easter. Ta da.
Great day to write music! Working on the next album now...
I predict lobbying & legislating will be a bit sluggish tomorrow.
ZOMY, then there's the Internet, which is 15x faster than in Oz!
What's up with these torn ACLs in the NFL, NBA, MLB... Can't something be done to strengthen it, so it won't tear so easily!?
Needed: Volunteer Reading Coaches to assist adult students working toward their GEDs and Highschool Diplomas. Call for more info 275-4036
Wheres the art? The fashion? The endurance?! The passion for the camera?!
leeeego what you got for me
will someone there look into missing digital booklets from iTunes - I am missing over 1700 and is this a class action?
gotta Grind, I mean it when I say You will be On Tour With Me!!!
Some folks know their iPhone 3GS is at their nearest UPS facility, but have to wait for Friday. My shipment tracker says mine's in Alaska!
uh oh :P
Breakfast was good, thanks!
“Good men don’t need rules... Today is not the day to find out why I have so many."
ill never look at those Geico commercials the same again
For sure. I remember two feet of snow and below zero temperatures.
Andre Watts! A Kleinhans and favorite!
*make that 2012
#FollowFriday A big shout out to five must follow tweeters. (via )
w/e
Titanic in 3D on April 4thhhh. I've seen that movie so many times, but in 3D? LEGGOOO!
Miss you too sir! Love you and Happy New Year!
yeah...hmm dick
Spilling SEO Juice -- 3 Dos and Don'ts for Writing Great Page Titles
Lest we forget.... Its just with the majority of games played on Sunday its the "money" day! Dont Judge me!
so if your reading this now DO NOT sign up on the one source talent website bcuz they r a scam and ...
We are going to announce the winners 2 weeks before the fest! We also have lolla passes now too! :)
Okay now I'm done. Tomorrow should be interesting....
RT Check it out: RT : SMU's Zach Barnes is transferring to Creighton.
Any use of the phrase "This paper will" earns you an hour in the zombie pit.
- We would love too!! - put in a good word for us, tell a friend.. or 2.. lol Cheers!! - We are working on a Europe Tour right now.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. Epictetus
A snickers label is going to grow out of my leg
Stop saying everything is your fault. I'm taking responsibility for what I'm doing, I'm trying to change babe. I wish you
I just finished the limeade for lunch Looks like #TheSassano isn't the only thing with your name on it today.
THE Meatloaf. Try It. Hash House a Go Go amps Vegas domination with location downtown grand opening Wed 8/31
Damn damn them boys Up by pippen
so glad yo hear. How you doing? Was texting u only to realized your # change lol
#NP Find A Place!!! Lol I'm really tryna sing like him ☺☺
Thank you, Sharon! Have a great weekend!
Team 10 Media is out at Studio 11 Films today!
Final paper done! #boom too bad I didn't finish the other one :/
hahahahahaha i was thinking that too
Early morning baseball <3
There's alot of wish washy fans on my TL, stick to your team
Must be summer fever when I'm excited about Keith Urban popping up on Pandora. Crank it!
I'm guessing your success rate is high, haha! Luv ya!
ha. Nah. But thanks babe. :) lol
just watched some good music check Em out , energetic and fun
Yeah, we like hot shit, not cold diarrhea.
4 more days left in Gold Card Week. Great time to come in and save on your monthly supplements!
RT'ing protected tweet is pretty much useless to everyone except 370 followers who can actually see the RT'd status #justsayin'
Cirque de Solei wants you to know that movie theatres are dangerous places. After seeing this year's nominees, I'm inclined to agree.
#Irene panic in DC even worse than blizzard panic.It's going to rain. A lot.There'll be some wind. Sunday the sun will shine.The end.
I hope they were tasty!
Guess that's what I deserve for filling with t minus one day!
How to be alone by Jonathan Franzen, author of Freedom and The Corrections.
Oh my. That idea is delicious for me & dangerous.... for others. ;)
Me and ARE NOT MATCHING ..
No, but I'd say most of my anxiety-filled nightmares take place in a school setting. Sometimes I'm unprepared AND naked.
When you don't define a clear chain of command-employees don't know where to go for answers. Miscommunication abounds!
'nick$ win lol
Mark Trumbo's Homerun just landed and hit me in the foot at my house #Ouch #Bomb ⚾💣
Had a kid last night tell me he was under 21, showed me his ID that said he was under 21, and still expected to be let in...
I'll be there with 25 setups around 7.
ain't nothing but a....
I really hope you win
tough loss... but, I want to wish you and Baylen a Happy Birthday!
Hahahaha I feel you girl
Life is Awesome. :)
S/0 to twitter.. I think she would Holla # my partna ..but he fuckin up and not coming wit it and being up front.. obviously .
Who would have imagined this?!?! RT:“: #FF ..." Happy Friday!
To improve, a coach should "visit w/ coaches who have done what he wants to accomplish."---
i was so hungry that i bought some greasy ass #bojangles...then smashed, now i regret it :(
Anyone remember, "My Date With the President's Daughter"?
yay!! #go bulls
Great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, small minds talk about people.
I will never be a bridesmaid in a wedding. I can't stay still too long, and you have to stand up in one spot for a long time.
Snow Snow and more snow
I am ready for the snow!!
you know me too well <3
Let's keep up the NYC spirit and run 10K- #WorkOutTime I'll let u know if I'm alive after the first 3'
Dinner in oven, kids playing...excited for my meeting with Avery Close tonight! \^^^/ the future is bright bring us some shades!
I'm not in Louisiana Filming #endersgame ?
I can't be at #Coachella, but I have a pretty good idea what the air smells like right now with Dre and Snoop on.
RT“: #Broncos will land in North Carolina around 11am for Peyton Manning's workout”
notice me Ari??? Please follow me! <3
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse! - Groucho Marx
nice. Where are u located
I'm down to fight !
I have it(:
Trip to Sally Bell's for box of cupcakes. Cupcakes: $8; the joy of getting a $40 parking ticket: priceless.
Yes, It's here again! Happy Friday All, let the weekend begin ;)
wait....idk if I like that or not... lol
we love you baby!
This liking a guy thing is #Difficult. I think I just need to smoke a bowl on it.
Ikr! It's just crazy
Weather too cold for you? Order with NOLA Food Delivery and we can bring you want you need!
Your mom wants you to buy the new album next week. And drink more coffee.
my little sis is throwing a tantrem #helpme :O
-_______________- did you say hi?
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
Sometimes you have to do a work task at home. This one took 45 minutes at home and would have 4 hours at work.
Got bit by a bunch of red ants -.-
MT : Schedule: motion for class cert in December; summary judgment motions in May. Discovery rebooted, runs until March.
From a constituent: Do not limit freedom of information. Please say no to #SOPA and
I'm doing it!
The devil is busy as heck, but I got my Father on side and I pray that he helps me fight all this craziness.
So, how is it going or did it go?
your not like the rest either ;)
Was #artsake your 1st acting program? Just saw your tweet while searching under #acting. What do you like best about it?
No one knows me better than
Sll the latest on #Tito Vs.
now THAT is an interview I'll be waiting for with bated breath!
On my way to for TNR! Hope I can make top 8 again in umvc3 =]
What is your favorite lunchtime meal? I love a good homemade turkey sandwich packed with veggies!
okay! Who's casa?
Me no cupcake, me no mark, me no suckka, me got heart...
Congratulations Gabriele!!! She just signed with Fentonmoon Media this past week!!
Well... I sure find myself driving to bellevue a lot less now....
Live covers might be a tribute to a song they like. But (great) recorded covers take the song someplace new. +
thank u very much :) x
At supposedly the biggest club in america!!! Let's get it
got one with your name on it! (not literally but... )
Wow,Dev... Wow.
saw down a crutch
Haha I've yet to experience that.
once again, my plans are shot to hell. NOT TO WORRY. I will make you your own batch, if needed. SPECIAL.
Thinking about doing my live shot at 10 INSIDE our truck, pointing out the window. I think I'm on to something here ...
Felt so good to wake up on my own and not by a damn alarm for once
hey there how's your week going so far
I'm excited for the Woodstock stuff at Bethel. I've seen everything there is to see on the subject. Time to see the real thing.
Work is empty -__-
Trayvon Martin sucker punched the guy in the face and the guy had a licensed gun and shot in self defense..
and I are scheming Pinky & The Brain style right now
Civitan club celebrating clergy week at meeting today. Retell story of the 4 chaplains.
alright :) thanks xoxo
When complimenting a girl's looks: 1. stunning 2. gorgeous 3. beautiful 4. pretty 5. sexy 6. amazing 7. I'd cut off my ballsack to be with u
I'm channeling you for my night out in San Francisco.
"You need to get up get out and get something, Don't let the days of your life pass by" -OutKast.....words to live be tweeples! :-)
I absolutely love your site's content, which makes me all the more frustrated that I find the design so counterintuitive
Don't lie to Women about their healthcare options The Karl Rove strategy may work in Texas but not in TwitterSpace.
Oh okay. Why? I mean, I am not attracted to real dark skinned people, so I guess I understand. U a guy or girl?
guess I should come in and try some then!
because it's for charity, I suspect.
RT : Greece goes on general strike Wednesday. We need to express solidarity!
": I can remember when I was just a freshman in college now I'm about to be a junior time is flying!!!"
text me?
What good is it being an earl if you have to have a ping-pong table in your library?
this is hot dog eating weather. Who's coming to the factory store or going to thier local stand today?
‘High-end luxury exchange store’ opens in Destin
What blog would you recommend someone read to in place of Gizmodo?
by tweeting at
yall can get me on voxer now- B-Dai
What A Game. Only disappointment--the fray-ed national anthem. KY was hot! The Fray was not!
Between 9th and 10th Street and Morton.
Sign the pledge, shape the strategy, stand for our children
anti-archival? Maybe if archives are only about storage. This article reminds me of Delete by Meyer-Schoenberger.
Picking The Tigers Or Brewers To Win It All
Note Nic Volker is doing very well. He is now 7. The case I discussed who died was not nic volker.
Thank you #Peyton! Class act. Sucks for #colts fans!“: Manning to Colts fans: "Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart."”
I just read it.
My word that was a fast response lol!
"It's not a fanny pack. It's a bro-sack!!!"
YOOOOO!!! IM BORED
You ain't shit and that's truth! Real talk that ain't no lie!
good question.
I should have, but I had other plans. Kinda swole I missed it. I'm tryna hear you though, you gotta spit more. Get out that shell!
RT : It's Friday! What are you reading this weekend? The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer! It's pure genius!
“: When boys use a picture of you two together as their default. ❤”
put some rum in drink that will warm you up !!!!
If you are free on Monday night join me at Carolines on Broadway were I will be cracking some jokes ;) Show starts at 7pm!
Dear #uncc49er wifi, please start working.
Taking myself to the movies!
thanks for the follow! Look forward to visiting you on my next trip to Minneapolis.
Just made breakfast for me and my brother:*
oh my
I admit. The environment Im in makes me weak. So much negativity. Its like trying to be an angel surrounded by devils. LOC campus...
We can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event!
#ImNotTheType who will change my views or opinions for you. This is me, like it or move on
;) On #Aday we will
did #streak#2 end last weekend or are we still
The 16 year old girl in me loves rocking out to One Direction with the windows down & volume up
RT : Great meeting with and today discussing fun events!
ewwww I see some :))
Thinking about a new kitchen? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Granite at a discount!
Cant say I've seen it all,but I can say I've seen enough.
blogging about small business resources
Missing a night w/ Shop Jeen team CUSP event tonite! #Midterms are ruining my life.
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
I'm just not gonna touch you anymore.
Exciting script changes and new music surfacing for the upcoming production!
No not too far...I want to do something for sure
plz I need to see it.
That last track link: not the usual stuff I usually do but it was #fun (no pun)
hahahah sorry fixes your hair :) smiles
Why hang out to sit on the phone?
This game is unwatchable, least of all because it's been nothing but commercials for 15 minutes
you told me to let you know when they beat a good team. pacers win in chicago
I can only imagine. I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth. Id kill to be on the beach right now.
"The legs feed the wolf" ~ Miracle
the thunder are some hoes tho, he just made ur team mate go night night and nobody even pushed MWP
You know it's a good day when you have to take out your sunglasses
So I hope all the gifts have been returned...unwrapped with care... :)
of course !(:
Knock KnockWho's there !Armenia !Armenia who ?Armenia every word I say !
thankyou to all my new followers today :D love you all!
If in Re to the weather tweet- The Chrome App I use to update G+, Facebook and Twitter all at once was on when I posted that to VW..
watchn wait for Aaliyah special to air she sang with passion with heart wit that conviction her swag
QB controversy? Jacob Russell scores TD. Russell running, Smith throwing. ...
Women be noticin'. Can't stop a woman from noticin'
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area. Use caution in this area.
Buyers of Facebook are stupid ... over priced ... over hyped ... no earnings model evident
Finally going to bed
"cereal killer" can totally relate! Love you, Coco and Spart
did you warn him you were going to kick him out of the game?
Drake Ft.Rihanna - Take Care :) #NowPlaying and, also texting
Yahoo is everyone's high school newspaper. Filled with bad articles and news people don't care about.
I'm convinced that Volstad can't perform under pressure. I bet Braun did that on purpose.
Hey 2012, it's time for new beginnings!
time's are tuf . But when i listen to you'r music i tend to forget it. Until i come back to reality , /:
If it flies it dies
CMT music videos makes my morning 100x better. Especially when Brantley comes on ;P
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
now speaking, on the panel at / Future of #Publishing 🚀
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired
Follow back?
hey Zach :)
cute smilies! have a happy tuesday! :)
In the most pain I have ever experienced
luv idea of "social reload" but even in HD 1080 on a 45" tv the text is way too small 2 read, especially in white on blue
there's definitely something weird going on.
Wtf there's actually halfway decent music on Freemont tonight
to all my friends stuck behind a pile of grading: hee hee.
Don't take a good woman for granted. Someday someone's going to come along & appreciate what you didn't.
This is Bronson Freaking Arroyo! Gross! Lets have a contest, lets see who can look the worst swing at garbage tonight!
?? You mean prevention? RT : Is uterine and breast cancer what you call good womens reproductive health?
cupcakes def make up for catching kids' cooties.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted
Wishing he had MLB TV. Looks like I have to stick with ESPN's rookie analysis and crappy game selection this year.
Ugh, standards get in the way of everything. /via
Thanks, I'll check them out.
I love the #Monkees. Sad day. Brother and I grew up watching reruns of the show and listening to cassettes of their music.
Calling B.'s foxes "domestic" is a pervasive error.
Cool off with a Slurpee drink and kick back with a movie. FIVE Slurpee Rewards points will get you a Redbox DVD rental!
#fact when I'm mad I'm mad. Point. Blank, period.
Good morning my little rain drops!!
We can discuss further tomorrow.
Agree. RT : Pretty much all he can do, is dunk. That classifies as being WAY overrated.
Well looks like Bosingwa will have to do it himself...
RT : ArtWorks is excited to attend the 13th Annual MANDI Awards on Wednesday, March 28, 2012.
Hi! Oh...sounds good right now! I've been carrot cake with cream cheese frosting!
#happybirthdayjanetjackson i would say. oh well fuck it you right. lol just wanted 2 say something 2 ya. :)
Thanks for having me on!
haha yea she's hard to beat but congrats maddz
sending you some love! That's all :) hope ur well friend!!!!!
I miss my daddy
- i got a thang for you baby , you know , dont want to take it slow i wanna get to know you #oomf !
We have such a knack for picking the coldest, wettest day of the year to film. Why break the cycle now?! Going to be a great little project!
Preference Question, Does anyone like the condensed 'dropdown' for navigation on a mobile-friendly-site ?
And here we just have "your mom" jokes and it takes forever to get anywhere, lol
I will sue you :)
So was when Ann Romey got home frm th hospital did she come home2 a 1 bedrm apt?
they monetized it thus not making the same mistake newspapers made; MLBAM is making huge $ for MLB clubs
Dolis is the 12th pitcher into the game for the #Cubs and #Brewers. Unless I missed one along the way.
2012 is a money year.... you better put yourself in postion to get it...
Come on Baltimore let's enjoy Sunday together eating crabs and drinking some ice cold....
I saw my friend, he's in my head, and he said, "You don't remember me, do you?"
Thanks for the follow. If you like #qpr you should follow my friend, #1 QPR fan (+ London AdGuy)
We offer a free plaque, with a $100.00 purchase or more. help us help Abused Children in Our area. www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com Thanks!!!
You're selfish a'f broo .
"Take politics out of transportation" -
#top100femaleLies "I DONT USUALLY BE DOING THIS"
Most painful misspelling I've seen lately: mispelling.
You are welcome!
Thanks for the reply. It is indeed a gravatar. Sorry for not recognizing it!
haha well she can leave. She doesnt deserve that sexiness
im pretty good what about you
thank you :)
THANK YOU!!
Still not paying any attention to what's around her...smh...i.wish she would...
Alright Ritters, you win this round. You have given me the drunk hiccups & wonderful home fries... so I forgive the poor service. Promise.
Relevance with users biggest challenge for Instagram.
will artists from Orlando be an option? ☺
ayo text me.!
Today I will learn Ave Maria.
YEAH WAY PASSED 3,000 LIKES!! thanks errrybody :] Hard At Work in the studio as we speak to bring you guys some sweet stuff for ur ears
You ate grilled cheese for dinner five days this week.
Happy BirFday, boo! I'll see you tonight. :D
did you use a tool to back it up?
what way would that be ?
I'm coming home tomorrow
Hey Followers! Everyone send a tweet to asking them to make me one of the Female Musicians Daily! Thanks xoxo
#saltlick has fantastic bbq! try it out while you're there. Livin in nyc and missin my
lol yeh. Thanks!<3 And omfg guess who i saw today like twice?!?
Sorry I've been so MIA! New post tonight, promise! :)
MOFOS WILL TALK SHIT TO YOU ON TWITTER, THEN TRY TO HUG YOU WHEN THEY SEE YOU ON DA STREETS. #PUNKBITCH!
ya for sure, did you get my txt? wasn't sure if it was the right number
I appreciate the follow
All I want for Christmas is a 14oz. teacup of treble and a 5000 ton Bass Gorilla.
Rough stuff dude
sounds like me.
If you agree it's hypocritical for Christians to tout values while supporting who they deem 2 be a cult member, please Retweet or Share.
Wow...its amazing whats happening right now...join in on the fun by giving to RISD's annual fund. <3 Deja
well, ain't that just the most darlin' thing ya eva did see?
Back in LA..long ass three days in Fresyes but well worth it. : )
Lmao yeah I call my friends mi hita? :,D So your mi Hito! ^.^
I wonder if the outcome is different if the game is played at 7 and not noon after a day of rest.
Omigod, there's something called an "Amazon Betterizer." I don't care what it is; I'm banking everything on it.
I dont wanna get up...
here here here! Ordering all things that glow in the dark or have LED lights. & listening to Alex Clare & Rodrigo Y Gabriela!
I've found that helps reduce printing. I'm using it for clipping potential products for & organizing them w/ tags.
and a come-hither fuck me look, pouty lips and oh yes something that accenuates your cleavage!
RT : Walked into the bedroom and tripped over my wife's bra. It was a boobie trap!
Hehe! Id like to apply! Lmfao!! I just didn't know you were gonna do that! Haha
Looking forward to seeing you all !
Hey Clippers... This is the playoffs. Today was def not as exciting as yesterday!
hi twitter thank you for the follows i startd at 0.just yestrday i had 118 i luv u guys i have 296 followers.plz follow my sister
I no that I'm really really really good
thanks for following. Hope we can work together some day.
Will you please follow me? :) I love you <3
Damn Whitney Houston too say it aint so...
not mine.
QUOTES: "Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending." Maria Robinson
Steve the Rooster is fine btw. Spoiled, but fine.
Tan guys >
Love must be learned, and learned again and again; there is no end to it. Hate need's no instruction, but wait's only to be provoked.
I really need to see U2 perform All I Want is You on their next tour.
Many kids from the library now reading #richdadpoordad. Go middle school financial literacy!
Increase the quality AND save $$ on your next CD/DVD or custom t-shirt project!
lmbo um i don't think so
THANKS FOR ASKING!!!
Since I made this movie, I'm having a lot of trouble believing that our government is looking out for our best interests. Duh!
o dates!!! Fun fun
Hey Tweeps. Good AM to you. Lots to do around #KillaCity. Have fun. Be safe. Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
Awesome - congrats! Well deserved!
Learned vs. taught helplessness. Bad design (& math curriculum) makes people declare themselves hopeless at things.
You've got to find some way of saying it without saying it. --Duke Ellington
it's called Beautiful Things by
I hate the fact that most pr releases are file attachments to no-text emails. Bad.
i love love LOVE the boyfriend video!!! you keep getting better and better!<333
A bit older than that is the classic I Wanna BagIt Up from New Bag City
Whew. We really are word nerds. I love it. Now, back to Christian Gray, that troubled, rich, smooth talker. LOL
Brand new pants...ink stained. Let's hope the dry cleaners can work their magic.
Yesterday: -17 Today: Not even wearing a jacket. Flagstaff you are a strange place.
A compliment is a compliment. Take that shit & suck it up nucca.
#worstbreakupexcuses "my parents are making me break up with you"
is there a closing date set for ? HELP :-(
SO MUCH COKE
#Don'tBeScared To Go Green And Help The Planet. :)
I am so in love with my #superangeljuicer it's like a year of life was poured into in a glass and drank it
You mention blog, I look. Easily influenced that way. Them Plane Pixels are crazy good fun.
Hard not to think that Derrick Rose is this era's version of Grant Hill. Amazing talent but too many injuries.
Major renovation progress yesterday! Had family over to help & we now have hot water, lighting in four rooms, a hinged door & a clean deck!
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most ppl never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor! Call now 1-646-397-9817
Nothing wrong with maintaining! Gotta love tha up north folk! #Sipping hooch on a tailgate of a ford truck in a cornfield
well I hope so! You and should get lunch sometime
No, that's my boy but stay tune there's more to come!
I feel sick to my stomach I feel like and era just ended 😨
early day at work. getting my coffee & taking aaron to work.
Heat vs Lakers today. I feel bad for the Lakers, Lol.
omNOMONOKMN I just ate all of your candy. And that's okay, I guess :''''(
"There is absolutely nothing at all wrong with being a slut.” PREACH IT! I've been waiting for somebody to agree with me on this!
past 2am really whose to say
Will speech be on TV, what channel?
I'm supposed to be sleep! 5am ain't gonna be pretty! ~ mahoganybella
i love crazy bitches. too bad i adore my boyfriend and im not giving him up. <3
Vanderbilt marketing for events is HORRIBLE. Why is it that I don't hear about this stuff until it is actually happening. I'm cool BTW.
If you haven't already, please watch my video. I really need those views. And thank you so much if you already have!
Read some of Treasure Yourself at the bookstore...good stuff, girl. :)
RT RT!! Christmas savings in full effect !!
oh snap :)
Back from a band rehearsal/meeting. Looks like we'll be touring again this summer! Might have to get the AC in the "tourbus" fixed this time
That is great news. So happy for you and the family. The proof of the power of prayer. God is awesome.
I love that is all
Why do I bother with this fucking team?
Thanks much
Correction does much, but encouragement does more
Leave it up to Bosh To Fuck The Game Up In The Last 50 sec...
My pleasure, Candace.
This has been thee best two weeks of summer EVER !
Oh u heard right 😉 Bad bitches follow RT : rofl please do lol, so I've heard your the leader?
Someone should visit me at Ballydoyle. And also buy me food 🐷
A male co-worker is chronically tan. I think he overdid it as today he's looking carrot-ish.
ok you can tell me on a need to know basis. LOL
I think were busy.....
Sweet! Thanks
Cool! Why were you on epr?
almost Friday!
What happened when the cannibal bit off a missionary's ear? He had his first taste of Christianity!
I'll be here tho. Don't worry. RT : I have a new fear, fear of loosing you.
hey follow me please thk ;)
Yummy! Cherry pie for 'Pi' Day!
ugh why is Keri Hilson such a flop.
Playing tonight at The Building in East Nashville! 8pm! followed by Gimmie shelter rolling stones tribute
However, for continuing drug users, you might not even know they’ve been using something prior to dealing with them
Hey Bengals you got your fans to finally show when u gonna do the same??????
Wine night do over, but this one is on the roof! It's so nice out.
the incredible arrived and the laggard just leapfrogged.
Cant wait to see my other half n 20 minute mwah
Good day Milwaukee! Enjoy it while you can!
I meant hallowed be *thy name. #typo whoops.
Nashville *tomorrow!* Can't wait to get into some bachelorette trouble with !
Please do, that'd be awesome!
#Youth #LetsDoThis #readanddotheword Psalm 145:4 One generation shall praise Your works to another,And shall declare Your mighty acts.
what happen
Idgf about anything but you
my pre-Zombie 5k Training regime of watching the Walking Dead and eating tofu sandwiches proved to woefully inadequate. eaten by market st!
Affirmation of the day: I claim victory.
The peas have tainted the leftovers of the chicken & dumplings you made. Your hero, strongly condemns.
I am thankful. I have to learn how to take time to nurture my own talents before spending time nurturing others talents.
Was consensus difficult to reach?
no problem! its true! where are you from?
‎$1.50 off an issue or subscription to The Rag all week long using code: CYBERMONDAY at checkout.
Wonderful as always! :)
Driving from NM yesterday I listened to "A Brave New World" through my car stereo via text-to-speech on the Kindle. It seemed appropriate.
I need a vacation.
We can't change the world unless we change ourselves
how are you?
Happy Birthday, Maynard Ferguson!
Let's go! FOOTBALL!!
Ugh so bored.
Ha ....laura yu got me alk confused when yu tweeted cuz it wasnt mine&I was like wat..&I memered you ha I feel so stupid ha
Perenniel capitalist problem: greed at top impoverishes wrkrs, who then can't afford to buy anything, which tanks econ.
Bitch I'm opening pockets not legs I give conversation but u giving head
raging and working as usual haha we need to be reunited soon
your just too good to be true cant take my eyes off of you.
i would! Watch him call at like 3 am lol. Id still answer ahaha . I want david or someone to call u too!!:) or dave or troy :p
I want to know why my nose piercing hole smells wierd!
I seriously hate Ross ...
Now another Monticello High School student at #bosmtg is arguing money for the #westernbypass should go to teachers in
they need to stand up for you since you can't speak hooman. Mom learned hard way but it wasn't too layte
I like the thought of sweet biscuits in the morning...
#NW In Time this movie is crazy yo!!
They represent the last 30 days… black dots mean you checked in, light gray dots mean you didn't.
Kidlawyer is wondering.... if money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU! HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk(: PLEASE NOTICE ME(:
Idk why but the part behind my right knee hurts :/
It looked that way. Our D played amazing. Seeing how hard they play makes me happy we didn't trade them for Rick Nash.
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes of playing a poor hand well." - Robert Louis Stevenson.
Trust me, when you look and feel good about yourself, you don't worry about anyone else
Isn't having Kim Jong-Il scared a good thing. This is pot calling kettle black.
idk but imma curse they asses out thats not right and they dont even know MB
Now Speaking to #NLCATLANTA...sharing about Risk Taking
It would seem that every school in that league now has an easy way to beat Mesa Prep. No muss, no fuss.
Tonight at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar, join the whole crew : violin, guitars, bass and volcals Django style. 7pm. No cover.
Hanging out to escape noisy house cleaners (work at home woes). Checking something out in gratitude.
The impossible is often the untried. ~Jim Goodwin
Time is Love- Josh Turner <3
what are you talking about? I got a new phone so I didn't text you or anything cause I lost your number
Take off your wings, They could never get you quite as high as I did.
Who's hungry?! The fire is on and lunch is served! Come down to the LR for happy hour, it starts at 330!
We are running a HUGE 24-hr special just for the bridal show today - come see us at the Brookfield Sheraton to see what it's all about!!
Happy Wednesday Everyone!
Awesome! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Lol You Dumb Big Head
Life is way too short! niggas is dying from bad health freak accidents and gotta worry bout these hating ass niggas tryna kill em!
Apparently there is an Australian billionaire who's going to build the Titanic II...did he not see the movie?
She let me in and never wont to let go :-)
Does anyone like it when it rains? -I love it!
John Wall dance bc EVERY1 did it, unibrow, 3 goggles bc it's lasted 2 years now, then Jorts (my phone just auto capped Jorts)
close the highway because Obama is coming?
what time is it at?
Gettin' a little hair of the dog with your hangover breakfast?! Cars are ready and waiting for you!!
When brings me food. >>>
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. Smitty, Robert & Lori need drinking friends!
“: I had a great fucking day.” Its about to get better too. RT
P.S. we're on spring break until next monday so we'll try to meet & make a new video ASAP -Patience
Don't rain on my parade.
awesome lol && weekend gone be better haha
Missing the point USC dominated recruiting in Neuheisel reign. USC will leave 10-15 recruits on the table for two more years.
Exactly 4 weeks until graduation.
Hi Dariel, how you been? How are you're daughters doing?
i really need to get out more..
Yes!!!! Go #TeamBS For sure. So will RT : you gonna watch #TheVoice tonight?
At fremos having a blast!
TY for the RT did an amazing job of recovering. He was so smooth and unruffled. Great recovery!
in the studio with Bronze
some of the most effective touch screen experiences don't require user to actually touch the screen
is checking firmness, ripeness, signs of bruising and decay.
NFL steals the night. Santorum, Newt, and Huntsman suffer.
she better be!
- if either of you goes down and brings me up a cup, I'll make it worth your while ;) How's five bucks sound?
I love that
Let me shock you with this cattle prod. It won't hurt a bit!
That's badass! I didn't know he did product photos.
Happy Monday everyone! ;-)
your web site is down. We can't login to get our source code. What's up?
make sure you die with Christ in ya life.
Lord, I'm sure that you called Rick Santorum to be a "fisher of men." He thought you said "anal fissure."
i'm having that day, and it's not limited to writing.
Well, since I can't fall back asleep, I might as well get up and do some work!
thanks for the rt, anita!
Borders files for bankruptcy
So honored to be in the presence of so many successful communication professionals today. What an opportunity!
what an awesome hubby u have. my hubby just got home. he is going to go pick up the food for me.
#IfSheCant roll a blunt - Ima think she never had a real nigga
She is in here goin Ham lol
Still looking for 1 band interested in playing at Dobbs in philly tonight. Rock/pop/ jam/ folk Email ASAP
Funniest memory: heads of past/present mascots sitting on top of cubicles inside our office. Felt like ad.
Keep those song requests coming in!
Longest drive EVER just took place... I'll miss the Kenwood kids tomorrow. Will be back Monday :)
Thanks again. :)
relief....2nd base....lloyd too IMO
WTF!!! if it sounds like a personal problem 2 u y did u ask!!! >:/
I think so too lol
LOL ": I see Sagittarius,Aries,Capricorns, and Cancers are still up.”
Thanks so much for your #FF mention. It's very much appreciated!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand this sign---> 👌
Daily deals that will soon give back 10% of our proceeds to #Albuquerque #NM #Nonprofits #Schools #Youth Athletics
So I'm officially pissed at my boyfriend ! Good fucking night ;c
Good afternoon beautiful people :-)
Cheer season needs to start like NOW!
Why do these people sit by the windows in these Jason movies? My ass would be under the bed.
Uh la la found me an iPod 📱😃
What's goodie
Still have your "A" game in hour 15?
yes sir email me look forward to hearing from you :-)
Avengers was amazing
It's going to be a really busy April! Let the busy season begin!
is that a fart joke?
Some guy tried to sell me an 18k gold necklace for $20... He eventually confessed that he stole it, lol.
you anti never hear no freak shxt like this llsss
"Haunt" should read "home."
Ain't that the truth. XD
you need to catch up :p
When tells you about a secret door and you try to find it.
Holy crap #TheAvengers was so amazing!
I can do that I got the shirts!
Late night runs >>>
Best podcasts around including the Czar. :-)
Thanks very much...The Newport looks great!
Got to see my daughter dance and sing all day with some girls that have been on broadway in the casts of MaMa Mia and Lion King!
Matt Kemp is the NL player of the week.
Patriots against the Falcons... Not too worried, hopefully we will get Welker on the field tonight!
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyer’s market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
it's only because i moved to Rhode Island. Otherwise i'd be mayor of SPE for life.
Surprise surprise I have a cold, dont worry, I got the remedy. Improv on a Saturday morning ;)
RT : Politics is not for the thin skinned. Inouye's legacy does not leave him immune to political critique.
I love your black and white work. Thanks for sharing.
I hope tomorrow is a lot better then today 😔
he walked in with a smile that brighten up the room, he looked at me and I looked back at him. 6'2, brown skin..hmm. #Checkmate. Lol.
TERRA'S WATER BROKE!!!! OH SHIT!!!! HAHAHHAHAHAHA FUUUUUUCK YEAH!!!!!
ha dad left out of town now my phone is stuck in the house. hah dang cant get it till he gets back
HT : "Sweet! I observed and changed his outcome!"
I wonder how many stunt livers were needed for Prometheus.
if something is $5.08 after tax, and you give the cashier $5.25, leave the change in the penny tray you cheap bastards!!!
Thanks bro! U know I've failed a 1000 times and gotten up 1001 times! Definitely gonna make it big one way or another!
that's incredible.
Yes, but I see them both as being counter to the "hold tight to our stuff" attitude. Digitize it & let people do stuff w it.
Come and see the view from the top of our place!
Rest in peace .... Steve jobs....
I think you just did.
The reward God has for you is always greater than the sacrifice He requires of you - Bryan Cutshall
M, breakfast of champions!
yeah, definitely possible
We're not serving lunch/dinner today but we'll b back tomorrow for lunch @ Central Library downtown, dinner @ #FFFTF. Sat.
I'm trying to get some clients to spring for one but no luck so far. I feel ya
psyched that you can make it ms. m! no beer spilling allowed - craft beer nectar is too valuable. good news is shoes stay neat.
When you seen with me I'ma up that stock
I wish! I was on a bike ride.
sorry for late #FFs ... I had them queued up and forgot to post
Why is my shirt crunchy? Oh yeah... That's right...
Starting to use at work. So far so good. Particularly impressed with their twitter activity, actually. (Hiya!)
Thanks!! That's fabulous. Such an important & timely topic
May have a couple hours free between lunch and heading to the airport. Any Austin peeps free?
RT for a shout out(:
So whats up?(:
great, dm me your address :-)
The FAU Owls v. FIU BB game. FAU booed when they announced Isaiah Thomas as Head Coach of the Panthers. I predict FAU by 5.
Thats your man but he fuckin the whole raleigh including your friends
what's you doing ? 😉
My tire gave up on the 134/2 free way. Yes, it blow out. I'm okay. I thank God someone was with me to guide me. :)
text me when you send those joints over
lmfao, this made my day!!!
mind-set even in such a fixed minded industry. fixed mindset is judging, have to be perfect. growth mindset is giving
thank you for the mentions last week!
would love to connect our 40K fans in the #yyc to your events. Young Guns = Mass Armageddon.
SCHS girls dance team wins National Ameridance Championship
Awesome! I'm assuming you're hanging Alan and I after the show?
damn it stinks then bol I smell pussy !
Bow bow bow
Heading out for an afternoon run
Albertosaurus fossil uncovered at Santa Monica Beach
You're dead to me - Romney to some unnamed dude on "using weapons of the left."
Enjoyed the live stream last night! It was fun watching u play Mass Effect 2 & Gears 3. Sorry I couldn't stay until the end.
TONIGHT TOMORROW NEXT WEEK NEXT MONTH MORE BANDS MORE DRINKS MORE SMOKES WHEN DOES IT END AND WHAT IS THE TRUE NATURE OF OUR EXISTENCE
Following #sbads commentary from and fellow C-Kers And keeping eye on
That quote made my day. In fact, there is probably a great book to be written around that philosophy!
Check mate bitches!!
What a great day to be indoors. Maybe I'll campaign to run an old Matlock instead of the news at 5...
Haven't opened an accounting book and don't plan on it.
Owen graduates from his intermediate class today!
What a day. Cards lost albert Pujols but the Lakers got Chris Paul.
thx for the mention (and sorry for slow reply!) :)
didn't mention that Bob Castaneda was only a resident of CV for days before filing to run for #chulavista city council.
I think I need an Adderall today...
I like to call it...observation ;)
how about some runs here tigers? 1 run so far? seriously?
Kurt killed it! Rachel is nervous haha
Time to get fancy :P
I hate the Yankees.
and the yankees came back and killed the sox? i missed a lot of things :(
Sometimes I just have to mute Jim Cramer. Way to spazzy.
I really am not in the mood to be at work at all today
laptop, YOU HAVE ENOUGH PHONES and even if you did get a new one you would either hate it, break it or both within a month
I lack the fundamental ability to say no to ginger-pear muffins from Mud Pie, the vegan bakery/coffee shop on 39th Street.
We hate it when that happens. How the rest of your day perks up!
Producing the taekwondo olympic trials video today!
i want to text skylar back because she's pretty but um she hasn't sent me nudes so what's the point???
Feels like I haven't been on in forever....
I dont even know what to say......
Today I hired a developer, navigated an IT situation, stared down Drupal, designed with map data, and came home to a giant poop explosion.
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup Webinar - Consumer Services - Gets Into Home Security and Automation With Digital Life #CAWeb"
QUID PRO QUO BITCH
My 8 month old nephew is having open heart surgery tomorrow at 6am if you see this please pray for him.
Covering some of the first ever #CAHA High School hockey tournament this afternoon at Anaheim Ice. Then on to the Pond for
I just knew this day would come. Eat it, Wyoming.
When used correctly, processes should standardize and simplify the necessary tasks that keep business running smoothly.
Processing collections is so calming and peaceful.
You r so lucky!! Enjoy!
POOP: people order our patties lmao
I finally asked. She said her six year old introduced family to Swamp People, and these shows are far enough from real lawyer life.
RT : People don’t serve leaders. Leaders serve people.
#ImHappyWhen I see your face <3
“: I'm either #badgirlsclub or I'm nothin...” truth!
I admit, I'm having a ball finding DC area restaurants on Twitter. Making me hungry!
Create space for another perspective or point of view. It can be remarkably freeing, and fun.
What is your intention for the week? Mine is gratitude - yeah everyone's saying it but is everyone doing it? Do it. It changes your life.
people still use google+? I kid, kind of...
- both at fault. Peyton hurried throw because of pressure, Wayne didn't cut in hard enough on the route.
#usdla2011 box it.
Now you talk to me no GTFO.
Do you know any Compensation Specialist? New jobs are posted on www.hrjobboard.com
In bed not feeling well all day. Listening to the Beatles.
More couples live together than get married. I'm sure they know the pro's, or they wouldn't be so many of them, but do they know the con's?
Big welcome to fellow author
Mac Dougal sucks.
Good morning! Almost Friday!!
Mistakes are a normal part of business. Sincerely apologize for the act itself, not just for the unintended impact.
hahaha talk about a prime example!
that is literally the two best song writers ever together omfg I can't even imagine how great it will be
WHO let's celebrate!
Lets do this right (:
ok nevmind :p
ahem. Anytime you'd care to hook a brother up. Intrigued by the sound of this dude.
I followed:)
Thanks for your commitment to vote no on this crazy bill. The sponsor has been rude to all who reached out to him to oppose.
That won't be happening at #barcampabq or (likely) an #ignitenm, but it sounds like fun!
Looks like #celtics will steal one tonight. Given their home record this prob won't be the only one they'll need.
October 17th: our 6th anniversary. Details forthcoming.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.Samuel Johnson
“Books must be treated w/ respect, we feel that in our bones, because words have power.” ― Terry Pratchett
Not impressed.
It's not going to be an all-nighter...but it will probably be a most-of-the-nighter.
what's this mahomie slumber party thing tomorrow..
I want just one more!!! Haha I'm going to go for 2nd round goin to try my hardest
hi my love. Miss you.
Ha you can call me whatcha want bruh. But in the USA we defend our own to.
May the IT gods smile favorably upon me :)
Don't park your faith.
has he been smoking "Bud" Adams ... Contract for life ... That's jibbrish only from an old southern koot
Last but not least, Peter Pihos speaking on police brutality & rise of independent black politics of 1970s
It's only 8:30, and this day is already fantastic! #IceCubeWouldBeJealousOfMyDay (really just my morning so far)
Me and my bestfriend 's wish is that you follow us bckk <3 please make com true((: love you
Internal Medicine Residents have started a blog! Visit osuim.com to see what they're up to!
Spiritual maturity includes continuing to depend on God in the good times, not just running to him when challenges come.
I'm soo tired but I'm still going out tonite and I'm gonna have a lovely time **positive thoughts and smiles :)
so true! Don't let it pass you by :)
check out my Detroit based street drama free preview on my blog x
i dreamed my personal trainer was a hot dog
Dash City Skyline in the studio this weekend for some midnight sessions.
YOU KNOW YOU HEARD THAT CHIEF KEEF MIXTAPE...
that's when I met my first Girlfriend relive my crazy life I had at 13 it's boring now lol
The Undertaker is kicking me out. Hope he doesn't put me in the Tombstone
omfg hello welcome to my twitter i apologize rn
Ugh! Watching Sharapova is awful. I wish Lisinki would beat her.
Brainstorming for our video shoot tomorrow with ADvise Media. Keep an eye out for our awesome videos...coming soon!
😔 RT : Huh the length of hair I want is sold out. I'm sick of this shit.
Looking for a contract content strategist pronto! @ me if interested!
Adidas makes some injury prone shoes D Rose and Dwight Howard out for the playoffs
One day you're gonna look back and say: "Damn that girl really did love me."
lol graduate swag
random ass tweet what up ghost?
they should! This one was actually 11ft but we had to knock off a foot in order to reach the top. Also cost a whopping $17.
ok, maybe somebody changed the station. too busy to check kexp.org or get up to see what the radio is set to. brain a leetle fried...
ok thanks! Smooches!
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Thnx[:
Correction- I think its tonight!
I was also surprised that I liked her as a brunette - the dark hair brought out her eyes.
THE DEEP BLUE SEA is simply astonishing. Another masterwork from Terence Davies. See it now!
Tweeted it out this morning with some reflections. Now *that's* the conversation we should be having.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Hey I sent you an email. Let me know if you got it :) thanks!
RT : Congrats to on whl player of the week
It's that time again...what would you like to see featured on our next video tip of the week?
his agent is Cleveland based. That's a possibility...
Its about time you found me on facebook! Oh! This is 400th tweet!
I hate waiting
My brain hurts. That music theory final was tedious and tricky.
Happy Birthday to the greatest mom. I'll keep your age off social network. Here's to ## more.
Really enjoyed the recent article on the NYPD spying on Muslim student orgs. Keep up the good work!
Happy Birthday !
I get all of it myself, mostly free by standing around team hotel in Toronto. Have paid for some, mainly the older players.
I know! It's usually the helicopters that are stalking us!
should've hit up off the grid at fort mason. Great weather.
+1 RT : This boils down to Good Useful Actionable data ,with a specfic goal/question to be answered, SIZE irrelevant
I am somehow three members. I just forget and pledge every round.
Sweet. You've got connections!
Damn, Baron Davis tried but its a wrap for him as well, looks like Toney Douglas might see some minutes
Tragic no video feed so others could benefit from your suffering...
we are close!
Why? is taking me to Texas Roadhouse tonight. I've been looking forward to it all day!
lol so u noticed?..i figured u wuld say dat...good shit good shit other ppl wulda made diss tracks...i respect it...reealniggaz!
And this is how we bring it! Really bring it to the table! RT We have to 'embrace' ALL of our DNA (via )
do you follow you should look at their time line. Something in their pertaining to you.
Finished with an awesome day of calling, (via commo), fire missions for Artillery. Uniform inspection in the morning.
What if chuckie was real??? #That would be some Shit
If I were that person I'd say something about Android being better. Or at least more respecting of Space.
lets go
Had just enough time to get some Rump Shakin' before the show, y'all!
About to go snorkeling
Yes way to go Rangers!!!!
AH! Don't mention chop blocks!
hi Tristan. We're beginning a startup and would like to talk to you. Our CEO will message you on LinkedIn. His name is Tom Nassr
Invisible cloak bridesmaids dresses. RT : I just want protection if the guys are carrying swords.
Some of y'all really be worried about what people think of you. From how "holy" you are to what kind of weed you dabble in. Crazy world.
#301999 im the on in the profile pic :) xox
WHY does DUMBO sound like a war zone today? This construction noise is driving me nuts...
I've been here for a while and I will continue to be here. I just hope I'm doing it for a good reason. That I'm not wasting my time waiting,
LADY TERMINATOR is a must
DO YOU REMEMBER ME?! YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE #Bigtimechicago CONCERT!!!!!!<333333
I'm guessing it just depends on the impedance of the output device but what if the input device has a built in amp?
'none of this is clear cut' agree fully. engagement is not linear #multichannel participation can be highly fragmented
lmao at Brian Fallon talking about Park Slope moms pushing strollers at this concert!
Scarlett is sporting "McConaughey just did me backstage" hair
Tattoo time with !
I've been watching since episode one, but watch it at work on the low, lol! #Huck went #Huckrazy! LOL!
Country music is a beautiful thing
Tried ArcherFarms Tiki Masala Meal from hard onion peel in mix ruined everything- had to throw away. wrote to support-nothing. ugh.
Follow me please?(:
smh -_- at people who use you to get to someone you know ..
how's the game going babe ?? :)
Just saw a dude wearing flip flops, a North Face and a Supreme hat. I'm not sure is cool anymore.
Tyler Traband takes the stage at 9:30 this evening. This high energy show will have you going all night long!
Looking for motivation
#thankateacher 30th annual California Day of the Teachers: our students depend on educators to guide them on the road to success
"Not me" did it.
Eating never felt so god!
it's always you -.-
Haha...it's all good bro...have made respect for D. Rose!
Yes they do. They believe with everything they've got.
Why did Jamie Lynn Sigler audition for the role of Meadow on the Sopranos? Because she thought the show was about singing.
Chillen with the bros and chicks, kickin' it with the dog for now singing those love songs
Thank you for forwarding comments about the gold line.
RRT : What if low-performing students were given"double-block"#artsed to foster a love of learning and spark curiosity?
Catch you at next #SMBLA :?
I work out so that I can drink wine without guilt.
I think the Wiscy offensive line will be the difference maker today.....battling in the trenches!
SERIOUS QUESTION:: How many ppl WANT Obama to Complete another Term? -Pls RT n Reply-
hahahaha truth is i would never bane my child austin, its weird when. Name ur child after the father... HAHA IM GOOD!!!!!
Looking to have some risky revelations? Learn more from bestselling author
Cant remember any of my passwords except for my Hulu account
When your neck hurts, every hiccup is murder.
Hey! I hope you're having a great SB! I'd love 2grab coffee w u again when we get back. What's your schedule like this semester?
Watching the extended cut of Malick's "New World" on glorious big screen with Oh the magic...
Oh. If it doesn't involve volleyballs in pools, or salt shakers launched 200miles/hr at a wall...I don't remember it
p.s. the one beer isn't from Pittsburgh, but you can't get it in Houston :p
That awkward moment when you go for a handshake and they go for a hug.
But you cant go wrong wt skittles
All of a sudden Im craving a
Wonder if a loaf of bread will be over $3 next year after the floods and the drought we had this year?
Such as?
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
why thank you ♥
Yeah sun sun it going to be hot weather with no rain I well never never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Know #CMPUNK rules
RT THIS if you will buy an poster from if he makes some(: YOU GOT TO RT THIS THOUGH
oh NHL 11 and Wii slapshot are awesome! The wii version is a blast!!
I see u tryna get sum fame cause u ova dere whoopin ya boy smh
When you write down your goals, you are nine times more likely to follow through. HT
#imissthe90sbecause it had the best TV shows ever...
this place is cool..upscale Italian restaurant upstairs..then lowkey a really fun sports bar feat beer pong downstairs
1-11 or 1-10 like where they do that at I could of did that bull shit
Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr. coming to the radio station today and I get to interview him! I'm a little excited!
lol love you
Happy New Year!
": Live on Monday, 30APR2012, at 7:00 p.m. we will be featuring the music of TAKEOUT." YEA!!
Ria :) Thanks! With your help :)
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 30
I think i already did turn into a werewolf, I must of gottin hit by a car when i was wolf-sleep walking last night. Haha!
Study hard students...it's mid-term week!
Good Morning! A picture is a poem without words. -Horace
loved meeting u <3
#thingsIgottateachmy son: to respect all women, no exceptions.
are you sure you can handle it? J/K
Riding to Nap with the homie .. On
you NEVER need it, yet you ALWAYS do...
RT : Tune in tomorrow at 8:30am 4 all the SAN DIEGO black Friday deals from on
Cookies, Brownies, Cake pops, Carmel Corn, Cheesecake, Banana nut bread, Carmels & Peanut Butter Cups are just a few of our Yummy lineup!
more birds in atlanta. just throwing it out there.
so much studying to do, yet it is so nice outside
Sore as fuck from yesterday
If you have a tournament or league schedule you want added to our site, email it to staci (at) thebowlingframe.com.
Movin' on up!
ok we want to see u tonight we goin in !!!!!
so glad you're my #1 fan
Never too late for a beer and some hot tub... I'm really gonna hate life when I have to move out of this house
CircleCenterMall I go there all the time! :)
Brady, Brees, or Rodgers? That's the first of 9 picks to make if you want cash in the $500 #Rotowire #Freeroll. I'm goin Brees? #Whoyagot?
Oh yes i was :( lol
: RT : RT if you want a Miley album in 2012!
Rickie makes me so glad to have baseball back
I did... u just gotta be patient... :)
nicky nick! 
I can't wait till December my BFF from Uruguay comes to visit for 3 months ❤ I need to speak uruguayan
taking the stage at #health2con to discuss ONCs role in innovation
Once again, we thank our friends for the K+ on #kosher #food. Used to strive for A+... now we love K+
#7NewsSouthFlorida just blasted my moms school for clearly abbreviating "Kindergarten" but claiming it was misspelled. This is newsworthy?
ya damn right lol
Wondering why I have such Apple envy? Is and Apple computer really better than my PC? Imagine me paralyzed by indecision.
Left the white house, now going to the zoo & lunch then heading home to Boston <3
I got stuck in 580 with Nahon. Heard she isn't a fav prof...
oh shitttt lmao you probably did
favorite show to date?
Have you ever started writing a simple book review and ended up with a comparative analysis?
Just learned A Lesson Never Learned by AA on guitar today. Sounds epic.
We're here in front of the Supreme Court at the health care rally!
Yes, one of those options will become the #librotraficante Logo.
Therefore, the healthier your weight, the less chance you have of getting diabetes
: Never be someone your not. Alway be you:-)
So stoked to finally photograph the gorgeous Jaime Evans today! Keep an eye out for updates and behind-the-scenes pix!
You dont love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
hey howie! mines goin. where's james at?
Breaking: #Blago sentenced to 14 years. Did you expect longer or shorter? Follow 4 updates!
He pissed me off when he smacked my cookie on the dirty floor but that's not worth getting into a fight over.
Okay i'm on my way .
Hella bandz and loud im on my money doing drugs shit
how in the world am i suppose to know when someones on?
BMSPF BUZZ CONTINUES~HALF DAY TRADING TOMORROW~GAINS CONTINUE
Ok. Have a good night, that you dream with ;-)
Have to agree. I try to avoid being included in that generalization.
haha Wsup darkness wuz good with that fried chicken grease for yo hair?
Heard a conference presentation on 1920s turbans, told the speaker she and the were kindred spirits.
Sbk Does have some kind of chip on his shoulder, Fat and smokes to much LOL, U ever met hIm?
I don't think he's weird, his style and metaphors are complex and different but I still think he is one of the best
This news = a reminder that I have to renew membership; thanks!
Fantastic! This is the photo I've been trying to get for 8 years.
liar....have you heard the new song?
Does this have a hidden meaning or are you sharpening 'Simpsons' witticisms for a new career in comedy writing?
tweet me 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' 5 times for a shoutout(:
I'm wrong. (So what else is new?) It's that missing hyphen, something knows a lot about.
kingjames time tnt
hahaha!! You just hit it on the head. They still like school. That's so true & yes, cute!!
Umm I get to see speak at the University of Iowa on Wednesday. Pretty cool, huh?
insecurity will destroy you
I hate WYSIWYG editors that lie. Also packing lunch and then leaving it at home. :\
Is Kobe hurt or just resting for the playoffs?
Thanks for inspiring me! I'll get right on it!
My neighbors rule. Learn culinary and friendly awesomeness at the just launched: www.fourfoodies.com
“: My nigga what's good” chilling bro. Wat it do my nigga?
I put this a lot beauty is in the eye of the beholder.<3
Drug and violence talk isnt gon get u in the door.. don't try to be someone u not.. it will catch up to u..
Supporting our mission of helping SD Housing Crisis by demo-ing house in IB for Habitat on Sat. Message if you'd like to come participate!!
DYING LAUGHING. Yes, it's a MUST.
It's raining and I got a game later today .-.
she's scared of black ppl...every time a black person walks past she gets scared...she only sat cause she's between her parents
all we can do is wait
“There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.” J.R.R. Tolkien
it would probably sound like no other!
In a rare bout of good news new (Continental's) online award travel site is WAY better than the old one. Booked 2 tickets easily.
you are one of a kind ;-)
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: the dance two people when they're about to walk into each other; a song by ELO; the way she smiles.
First half: impressive shooting/scoring for both teams. Second half: impressive blowing of whistles by the refs.
Happy Mothers Day to exceptional Moms
If only life had one!~ RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button!
my one hand is enough to fight against the whole world if you hold the other one :)
I own 10+ nail polishes. My husband thinks it's too many, but I say keep 'em coming!
warm winter everywhere and the money is flowing better!
Lol. Guess he got the hint from me looking away while he was talking. He left. LMBO!!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 <3
Plutocracy: political power is derived from the wealthy & controlled by the wealthy to protect their wealth. GOP=Guardians of Privilege
When you smile.. I smile. [:
Happy President's Day - we'll be in session all day working tirelessly to solve our country's frozen yogurt deficit problem.
« Why would Brandy text me back a whole 7 hours later lol»- Haha trick!! I forgot to hit send...lmao!
I've been blessed just watching this bulls game. Any plans for the bday?
Me and one of my friends got some catching up to do today!
i know a lot of ppl with spider bites
Thousands of us will march across the Pettus Bridge like Bloody Sunday 1965
Looking forward to the show THIS weekend with Gringo Starr at Sarasota Lanes!!!YAY!!!
2 more hours and were talkin about sunshine drive home. Real talk real home
...because today I got the 40%-off discount in my email.
Venison Sausage w Oregon Blueberry! Try a Delicioso Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownie
was fired! that is ridiculous!
I feel like you two need John Thorne.
At 11:11 I wish for you and also at 1:43 except I wish harder at 1:43 for that person I love
I have a lead role as an irate property owner in Kevin Baggott's film HERE. Most of this movie was shot in Ireland the rest here in NYC.
long yawns ZZ z ill be at bww owings mills later
Didn't hun, got maybe an hour. :(
Penn State penalty to Rich O'Brien, two for boarding. Oakland to the PP with about a minute to go in the second
Thanks for sharing day.
Dig the new toolbar in Firefox...very nice...SERP overlay, link highlights updates and all.
Laura will be in town, but I'm headed out on vacation. Need some food/activity recommendations for Downtown Cabo San Lucas area?????
Calgon, Take Me Away!
think tebow scores a td with 4 qb sneaks to make it 21 to 10? Orton costs us both wins now, season over if qb doesn't change
Overheard conversation:"If intellectual banter turns you on, the classroom is the sexiest place ever." "What about conferences?"
Your welcome! Thanks for sharing such great content with #Fresno!
Nashville, 100% of sales this evening goes to flood relief. $5 pints. Do it!
#KIROConnect will be going on KIRO7 at 9:30...so if no computer, then t.v.!
I need a massage.
OHMYGOD. JASON'S COMING HOME SOON. AH. c:
Lol always :) let's have more adventures! RT : It's always an adventure with !!
Oh well
You too Handsome! Hope you have a great one!!!!
u do what u r told. Lol.
did you get a chance to ship it?
Guys: No shirt, no service.. Girls: No shirt, no charge!
I refuse to get excited about Justin & Selena breaking up till its on E!. When it's on E!, it's true.
just had a great phone chat w , i'm looking forward to the possibilities of where everything #km related can go!
If U Love #Israel Like We Love Israel, Be A Part Of Securing The #Jewish #Homeland FOREVER!! Join Us!!
thEndUsr podcast will be postponed until Wednesday this week due to two finals tommorow wish him luck!
Our Development Director agrees! :)
Hip Hop Lives
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth -- Moths in the Trap
Community Voices first segment is Karla Gotlieb, VP Community Partnerships, Catalyst Miami
I've never had a day with as much potential as today.
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with a time of 27:01 with Nike+ GPS.
Well, you can't blame someone for what they don't know (and therefore couldn't act on).
happy new year
You're just cool. Keep repeating that. Worked for Roy Orbison (sunglasses thing started when his regular glasses broke). ;)
RT : Weekend 2 Tent Camping is now sold out. Car Camping spaces are still available.
we're promoting them so that they can make the money... Without radio how will they build awareness?
just as I am going to bed... :( I always miss your stickam chats now... No Bueno!
booked a lead in a feature film! Check out my website www.ciarrasiller.com
ik that's u piper
Joe Karaganis is mentioning #karagarga, what.cd and
#boxing Yes, Pacquiao was never impressive in this fight but he was the one one that kept going after Marquez not the other way around.Con't
How are things there in Detroit?
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 71F Fair: 71F Fair
dat is wassup where u from ma?
The picture was also taken in the 1st inning. Park was mostly full by the 3-4th inning. No diff. than Heat games.
Jarrett Lee thinks Mark Sanchez throws too many Pick 6's
I am such a douche
Couldnt stop thinking long enough to sleep and when i finally dozed off i started thinking of someone ;) <3
warm blooded? I think...
We hope the #LTDArmy is having a great day today. Check out our "EVENTS" page. We've added another show. Plus, tickets for Soulfly are here!
Jealous and hungry
Watchin # the voice is hard tonite for the judges....
Good morning tweeters
I have friends who can hack way better then you, and those are my intentions. TO GET THEM ALL INVOLVED! See you in hell ;)
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You are yourself. :)
hahahaha, that's something so dumb, even i wouldn't say it. XD
Isaiah Thomas Named NBA Western Conference Rookie Of The Month for March
Congrats Mye Hoang on world premiere of #viette at
Thanks so much Olia for sharing this post! Hope your week is starting off marvelously!
Cant wait!!
no I haven't tried it. I'm afraid it'll make the voices stop
i hate
Friday night treat
Facebook and Twitter are still incommunicado. It's like an embargo.
is Kalamazoo bound...
I hate safety stories on TV cause they're often preachy. After a series of deadly ATV accidents, I hope we struck the right balance at 10.
RT “: or as bush would say, "the soft bigotry of low expectations"”
thank you Bet! I'm so happy! :D x
H.A.M on everything
people are tweeting happybirthdaynicholette
Today I saw some video diaries <3 LOL
Thanks! I'm feeling like I should say something hilarious now. Hippo! Weasel! Twinkie!
OH MY GOD. hahahhahaha, i just got so confused.
#listenbitch stop staring at me like I stole your man. I don't even know you...or him. So what's the problem?
do you have my number still lol
You're annoying.
yeah! i know but its ok:( well... i can buy other c:
i agree Posh, every1 changes when they get married and you adjust/adapt, Tre hates Mel for whatever reason PERIOD
Every time I am walking towards the ice-cream truck, it drives away. ;_;
BizchangerZ’ provides your very own EXTREME WEB MARKETING MAKEOVER
don't leave <l3
well it doesn't look like we are watching the kids Saturday so it doesn't matter anymore!
sleeping on it. maybe that will help?
How much is your raw honey by the jar? Let us know. We're writing a spotlight piece about your business!
So thankful for everyone's attendance at our first race yesterday! It was the muddiest race we've seen in a long time - and so much fun!
#TheRock wins again. (:
Only in NYC: eleven year old boys singing the praises of high-end macarons.
I was bad. Very bad. All the Doctor Who/Torchwood dolls yesterday and an Ellowyne and Mallymkun the Mouse.
Happy 18th birthday , your finally legal :D
i hate this weather it i snowing here my car is coverd with snow
You had to guess I was coming with nonsense.
Eric Cantor is not pleased.
ill send to u now... Wanna chat on FB?
Thank goodness Joe Biden didn't say he favored unilateral nuclear disarmament
Am I crazy or does it seem like Twitter and Instagram are used more than Facebook now?
Friend: "Didnt we have pink eye together?" Rube: "When was your butthole on my eyebrow?"
Christi tag my name next time babe(;
Rub it in jerk!! I hate you.. but I love you and I miss your face
I've been listening to the same song for the past 15 minutes, I'm boring, I know.
hmm probably the second one cause the first one i hate shadowed eyes like drawing them makes me sick and the 3rd is too far away
Please keep my brother in law in your prayers. he is ill and I'm going to visit him in the hospital
wow dude that was deep… you're so right. You should become a philosopher
#YoMommaSoFat when she gets on the scale it says "To be continued."
Don't be friends with guys who wear those hats with small brims and are usually accompanied by a vest.
Thank god for craigslist. It makes getting sold out M83 tickets for me and my gf so much easier
Go Skins!!!
other #highered investments/goals: "making American Opportunty Tax Credit permanent" & "2x funds for FWS"
Have fun at #140cuse today! Had a ticket, but couldn't make it >>
12/16/2010 Landing Pages: What are they, and how will they drive new business leads to your site? Romero Research & Design
You were my world.you were everything I though about .You were someone I always thought I could never live without. Did you see the WERE
can tweet bible scripture from a rotary phone.
When someone asks "whats wrong?" and there the problem.
yes, I am! I'm excited about it, thanks!
Can anybody pick me up, I don't feel like being here..?
Finally started watching Girls. I can't get enough of Lena Dunham's witty one-liners that ring so true. It's a love-hate relationship.
you make me sick
It's only a matter of time. Then ima be MVP in that competition we got
Playing good defense
Thank you for such a wonderful Promo...DM your address and I will send you a signed copy!
Anybody have a good photo of them in their Kentucky Derby outfits? Big hat and mint julep required!
Officially done with classes for the semester! 3 exams then home
I have been in a continuous state of highness since Monday. Goodness gracious.
Never confuse movement with action. -- Ernest Hemingway
I mean, if there's ever a hashtag you can get behind, it's
The #Flyers puck movement on the power play is really quite amazing. It's what a power play should look like.
however, was not meant to sound snarky. This is just not a conversation for tweets.
thanks so much Wendy! UR awesome ;-)
go get that other one, because I'm no longer the only one.
he just wants the Olympic style testing. Floyd would know all about that since he represented the USA in the Olympics.
Got clobbered at the #blackjack tables at today. Wifey doesn't seem to mind the hit, so I won't either.
Head over to #Fridays for #DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm-1:30am! Music, food, drinks and a great opportunity to mingle!
someone give me singing lessons LOL.
If you haven't already, please like our facebook page! We are only 14 likes away from 200! :D
#smash was Amazing!!!!! Katherine McPhee!!!
i do actually need something new to read
no thanks
How do you come in someones house and dont speak until you get ready to leave.... But ur supposed to be the adult
*food falls on floor* Little germs: Get it!!! King germ: NOO!! we must wait five seconds!
Yeah. 8-5 is fair. I
Credit LSU for answering right back. Guess that long Ducks TD drive gave LSU O time to wake up and join the battle. Game on
Why am I #stillawake?! Should be sleeping, but #YOLO ;)
I won't be walking around with a broke phone
Waiting for an hour until someone can fix my flat. Oh zipcar. The best made plans...
& im loosing my voice :o
I fucking hate you Consider me done with you this season.
which is which?
we hope some kickballers can make it tonight to our deal is up til 10 .com to buy!
hahaha!! Is that the name of the truck?? Haha
So I lost like 10 followers -_____________________________-
much better..but I don't have emojis :(
I feel shy.
This is the last hour in which I may listen to The Pet Shop Boys' MY OCTOBER SYMPHONY.
dang! It goes by so fast huh? :)
RT Vanguard Holiday Guide comes out Friday, Dec. 3 Get volunteering, movie, drink and gift ideas!
Happy Thirsty Thursday! 1/2 Price Sandwiches | $3 Well Cocktails | $3 Goose Island 312 Drafts
yeah what he said
Somebody better meet me at my house with a case of beer tomorrow
Pretty good. I was thinking that some terms/processes may need to be "dumbed down" 4 people who may not be familiar w the topic
Please do! I'm in doggie withdrawal!
Good Morning
why do people care when jobs claims are down. people aren't looking, that's why
Bittersweet, I guess. But still exciting to see it fly by.
Can anyone recommend a good GP in midtown or the UES?
four weeks & counting... GMF & Artopia hit Georgetown.
Colt-less win for Bama...
I think... I think I just time travelled.
U up bro!!
Apart from a few bugs www.yourmotivated.com is nearly ready , Great news
Yeah, but at least you've got a choice. Tons of miserable people stuck in either dead end jobs or no job at all...
sounds delicious!
Dear Companies, I want to unsubscribe from your email list. Let me do it. Don't require a password. It makes me hate you.
we want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month. go!
Excited for tomorrow, rain or FLOOD! Thx to
RIP Steve Jobs. :-(
thanks for the RT - very cool of #Dell to hook up Alienware customers with free Ivy Bridge!
I'll be sure to pass that along. And you're not too bad yourself! (you know we're not the same person, right?)
: They are a thought leader - great info on site & whitepapers! Also a supplier of a cool system
This is what I learned from #f8: Zuckerburg has a really cute dog named Beast.
I hate typing my password really fast and being like "Oh man I'm good" then having it say "Incorrect Password..." It's such a downer...
First day of spring ball can u say tired as fuck
The works of God are appreciated best by other creators. Leonardo Da Vinci / Be creative every day & get closer to appreciating your God.
Thanks Gorgeous!
Gonna call my future boss & schedule my 2nd interview in abt 30min :)
If he ain't here, I just can't breathe.
RT More soul than a sock with a hole.
Who got a #xmasbonus ? Not me :(
Nipple purse
Ah the Friday drive to the office...
On #sportsbiz overload. So many discussions, proposals and decisions. Will need some time to breathe soon, but not yet!
enjoy DC...the monument I have yet to see, only pics, but I would imagine to be upclose it has to be arresting...enjoy!!
OMG Where Are You??? Lol (: Your In New York, ah :P #YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :D
Creepster thing of the day: discovering that Costco sells caskets.
i would hope they can take care of home court, but they'll be close games again most likely.
Thank God I'm done with my comp exam papers. I can now get back to slacking off and watching hockey!
Beer!?! Sconnie Beer!! We'll have to check in with Troy soon all about this ok??
Seriously? or is this and April fools joke?
happy birthday to your daughter!
cool, you'll be at the panel I'm speaking on (you can give me *honest* feedback....)
and then have a raffle to win something for the best mustache here in cleveland.
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Just finished watching the Glee 3D with the best Head RAs and Supervisor ever. This is a great way to start my Senior year off. :-)
at first glance I thought looked dapper, but now I think he looks like he belongs in a wax museum.
Someone please tell me how this is not trending?! Big Time Rudh are fucking assholes!
We can't lose focus out here
If its not one thing its another.....
i used to think it was asking but realized feeling & thinking came first - where all the power is ! :)
Lucas never seen a shot he ain't like!!! Lol
Our Baby's 16
I'm finna go get that New Nicki Minaj
I suspect would say "more running, less reading graphic novels" would stop that. I say, "who needs hair anyway?"
. re: Mash-ups "Why do people do that? What? They're too busy to listen to TWO songs"?
What if tweeted me for my birthday?!!!!! 💗
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. -John Barrymore
How many settled QB's around the league are saying 'I don't want that circus around here'
DM me that should work better for now lol
what's that for? *__*
Also when are you gonna get more routes ?
#Way2Loud Colored Paper
“: Here in studio and watching Robbie Hummel at senior night at Purdue. Class individual. Tremendous college career. Bravo.”.
thanks!! “: Just checked out 's music, and it is amazing :) 🎵👍”
I think I'm having an out of body experience with this Luck Brothers coffee...
o-O Sometimes, I get a good feeling .. Yeah!
In the neighbor's yard there was a fruit tree that exploded into beautiful pink blossoms every spring. They're cutting it down today.
went for a nice walk at break, San Diego weather is delicious
The 11 undrafted people: Fred Jackson, Welker, Vonta Leach, James Harrison, Arian Foster, Romo, Cruz, Jason Peters, L Fletcher, Kuhn, Penn
RT : Most organisations spend their time marketing to the crowd. Smart organisations assemble the tribe.
Now Philly fans boo Noah off the court. Philadelphia, what a sports town.
Agreed! Once you know where Dollhouse is going it's fun to watch it go there!
should NEVER leave peanut m&m's on his desk, unattended. I had to give a handful of them a permanent home
So glad that it happened before Adam Yauch passed.
Thanks for the blog tweet!
My crazy is being fed. Oh. No.
Is it Friday yet? Great to know I could workshop Monday night but am paying for it!
Oh yes! That would be super duper fun(:
Alhamdulillah comes out for
same to you and yours
Tonight's pint night is #Newcastle!
#Tigerswishlist Brandon Inge as hitting coach
Excited to start shooting ABC Family's #BabyDaddy next week! ...Babies, a live audience & a CRAZY girl fight?! Can't wait! :D
youll learn who to trust and who not to trust, lol family is hard to trust too x)
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on their hands? A pocket watch.
Good morning! You can not force things to happen you just have to be ready when it does. Enjoy your day!
Look at me choosing a clementine & a mini chocolate bar (1 point) rather than a cookie!
Maple bacon creme brûlée? How did you know.
I came, I see soon enough I will keep. win like the melody of you whom I beat...
in addition, white people are at their guttiest and scrappiest when coming off the bench in the NBA.
Details about JIST's newest books, Best Jobs for the 21st Century & Best Resumes for College Students and New Grads! bit.ly/3ih0QG
Thanks for coming out! Enjoy the show? :)
That awkward moment when creeps on your twitter conversations
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way, shaddup.
Everyone else in class is talking, why are you just yelling at me?!
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.” —Marcel Proust
Add me on Bbm if you have it 26762D4F
The #brewers IF had as many hits last night as the Proclaimers.
#ChessMoveRoster is crazy!
What I miss today? Aren't you friends with Jen, who I love?
what do you mean? what WIM nonsense?
I'd buy 5 VWs right now if I could because of that dog
Awesome! Glad you like. :)
I love the internet... I get to listen to my favorite radio station in Seattle
Remember when we used to say that Austin is a 15 year old singer who lives in texas? Now we say hes 16 and soon we'll be saying in Miami :')
Yeah People that do that suck. "Hey is it raining?" will be the next dumb tweet.
I'm so stupid.
I'm taking the old man out for Chipotle to celebrate. He reports that he's having a good birthday. :)
Oh no! Nickelback is the worst.
fine. weird.
Correction *playing us in movies and on TV. Not "playing us".
The BPD will be conducting a training exercise on January 26 in the 1900 block of N. Charles St scheduled to begin at approx 10:00am
We who are about to grill salute you ... now who was the Roman god of barbecuing?
It's a big question. But, experimentation like this was bound to happen sooner or later.
Woodfish with 7 Walkers featuring Grateful Dead co-founder Bill Kreutzmann. Stone Pony August 11th - All Ages! www.woodfishmusic.com 4 tix
All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
I don't know why people follow me and then unfollow me like I'm not eventually going to find out.
Trying to negotiate ft deal based on Icm chip count with 3 left. I need go advice Right now! Please call me
Melvyn Bragg recommends a Grime documentary? the world is wonderful sometimes.
Terrific panel.Focus on learner more than even learning RT : Technology are solutions looking for problems - Chris Dede
What did everyone think of the pres speak this evening?
off and on for 3.5 years. Consistently now for the past year.
my phone is now frozen from sending all those pics. -_____-
awesome blog man, very nice job
Let's go ! Close this game out!
Come watch "Despicable Me" at 7 in the Forum tonight! There will be snacks.
But hows the love life goin for you, i see you happy wit em
Good call. You still got game. Would be nice to see you back in the Blue and Gold. Could use your versatility.
New franchise record for the Blazers... least amount of points scored in the 1st quarter (7)
I like rhymes in the morning. Just putting that out there.
you said it! my thoughts exactly ;)
RT He has been retired the last 4 years, so whats another 4.
If you get make 300 calls a week and it turn into 15k month of residual income a month, would you??? DM me for details!!
Thinking the Aztecs own the PAC 12. Rather than the WAC or Big Sky, men's hoops should go to the PAC 12 to continue shaming the arrogant!
Done all my finals and all my grades are in. I'm free for the rest of the week
kick off the home season tonight! We have a shuttle going to the game.
On my way to airport to pick up Will Willimon. I wonder if he'll be wearing that swanky bishop's hat. . .
I see. Yeah I'm hoping it'll take 30 minutes to tie up all the loose ends on mine lol
Business Cards - $29 || 100 Copies, Single-Sided, Full Color || www.Actor-Store.com -
“: k im about to hide in my closet like ” it's actually not that bad...I'm sleeping in mine. Hehehe
A4 And if senior leadership isn't thinking straight - even worse. Remember, GM senior exec flying in private jets to DC?
Did you see the picture of that huge burger? Ugh.
The great Purge begins. Filled 2 trash bags on day one of our cleaning. Trying to lighten the load to Ohio...
Looking forward to going to Tulsa OK tomorrow. :)
You're the man Tim! Speaking as a lifelong Bronco fan I couldn't be any prouder that you're our QB. Have fun!
next week okay? i'm open most afternoons except possibly Monday.
The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone
Yup, I called that...
i'd love to do some face to face. when works?
QUESTION. What would you rather be... A bear or a dog?
I need this to happen to me RT : When desperation meets decision...CHANGE happens!
How bout dem O's hon?
I haven't been inspired today 😒
laughed out loud, so true, and you do just smile! But keep all those thoughts to your self!
It's funny when you seriously feel you could work until the next morning and not be caught up
Snowden Becker w/ thoughtful just-do-itness at
no doubt!
Touch down
It's just that the pace has picked up suddenly. Or maybe gradually. But "flat-out" comes to mind every day. #onward!
CHALLENGE ALERT: Tomorrow we will be posting a challenge at 9 a.m. Stay tuned!
I wanted to point out if you follow me I'll for sure with out doubt follow you back but if later on you stop following I'll do the same
That's totally fine. i just remember mid May and i just wanted to make sure it was all on track.
Stay please D:
Berelowitz argues that just using a mobile CSS style isn't enough. You don't want a downsized pedal car, you want a bicycle.
Tell him girl RT : sorry i posted up the pic of us and almost got you caught up. . . NOT ! lying ass nigga.
Nobody in the west is fuckin with them .
Clients often think "I need to be on Social Media".. Our Job is to assist them in WHAT to be on social media, to their target
No, YOU"RE awesome! Happy #FF to you--have a great weekend!
I drove all the way to Tampa to drive all the way back last night!
Close out this year in style! Come enjoy a #gourmet dinner at Citrus. named Chef Jeffery Balfour one of the Best Local Chefs.
You need me bitch
Did you call the number on the sign? #ACHD want to hear from you!
No one said it would be easy... but c'mon I just want some ketchup!
Can't wait to see you get it done next year! RT : Pretty good game! It would have been a hell of a lot better if I were in it
That's 2 less dollar menu burgers I will not be having ... lol!!!!
boo, boo, boo. shut...... up... Jazz fans. man Sean Elliott was right, they'll boo at anything that's not Jazz
I called u the other day..still waiting for a call back
RT : The avg company has 11 people on their social media team. #3TYYZ <---- 11 too many
RT : #Clear fixed the tower issue and gave me a credit 2+ weeks ago.
are you going with ? He said he's going next week as well.
Oh I like this. Def. let me know.
rainy day means a day for pampering. and pot.
omg thank you so much !!! You literally just made my life!!
draaaaawzzzz!!!!! Me n fizzle mommy come ova to raid ur crib, fridge, n laptop today cuz its a rainy day
I need suggestions for a birthday bar for a saturday night next month. It's the big 3-0!
Dear followers: All tweets regarding #healthcoaching, #healthyeating & #healthyliving will now be from See you over there!
Omg that did not just happen ....
you suck!
Can't get over how awesome last night was. and are too good!
no doubt.
I love justin bieber and one direction
nvm he's from Fiji
You make my heart beat faster...
My heart shattered in a million pieces.. y am I never good enough??? :'((
Welp now I'm not going to answer your calls for a while.
I'm on #Googleplus and #linkedin...let's connect!
amen. Do you not know about my inner teen?
is pissed off!
I don't wanna go to skool tomorrow I have a stupid español test. NO ME GUSTA!!!!!!
Pink bats are ridiculous. Looks like grown men got ahold of their daughters Barbie bat.
My chapstick rolled under my car and Ryan Gosling retrieved it so I wouldn't have to get my jeans dirty.
“: i thought you were a robot that googles tweets then posts them every 5 min” #seriously me too…
Former Star of 'The Hills,' Lauren Conrad, Settles for 90210 - ABC News
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Not reminiscing about what used to be "cool" & just letting it be.
bitch,he won 2 awards,but they didn't say it on the award show
": No Chad Henne? The FreakNation would like 2 be 1st to congratulate the #Dolphins on winning the AndrewLuck sweepstakes." :)
The wizard forgives you Im sure of it
what's up!!
I know what I'm getting my mother...
I used to have the biggest crush on Who can blame me. Lol. She's so pretty.
At least for today..Because of my stupid back being "out to lunch" already..Week is young, however..T/F/S..
What you doing?
I LOVE the pain au chocolate at Club Med!
The good part left when Katy Perry is separated into good & evil half-people after a transporter malfunction on Star Trek Zooey Deschanel...
just ate a bubba gump shrimp and then decided to watch the movie... Ur the best man! Might hafta watch a couple others now!
cuz I can't go to sleep if I have to pee .-.
i wanted to go to the movies but my mom is mean and wont let me . I know i disappointed #oomf's : (
Oh so we are gonna play this game??? Hm ok
development / programmer community* involvement
Hey, Diddy, let me know when your back in Miami, so I can show you the newest in technology "3-D without glasses". The Filmmaker
Good workout today. I even put my feet on the treadmill and layer down the first mile in awhile.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
going ice fishingg. yup.
Bruins v Jets tonight.
We need beers and mallets.
give me pizza or give me death!
ha, you only have 30 days. I dont think either of you are going Christian Bale in the Machinist diet.
great seeing you tonight!!hope all is going great for you-and hope next time I'll have more time to hang! xox
(delayed response, sorry) same location, different rooms, adjacent, so leaving one room means walking into the next
OH GOD. NO.
. To become a better writer read more. May sound counterintuitive to some, yet it really works.
Thanks so much !
Common sense in Washington? What a novel concept!
Seth Meyers has a famous lair?
in literature right?
Thirteen years old, walking to catch a bus to school in Silver City, and a man pulled up in a minivan and tried to grab him by the hood.
Watching 8 mile 😍
I'm a little bit jaded by a lot of what I see.
- "'I hate you' echoed from the silent white hallways..." Where is that from? Sounds like a great lede haha
Do you like Celtic Frost? I like Celtic Frost. Let's enjoy Celtic Frost together & see how many times we can say Celtic Frost.
Susan! My God, we thought you were dead. Susan: No, just in New Jersey.
there once was a group with liam and niall..
Not to mention Hossa's head was down, any smart player would avoid that situation.
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." ~ St. Francis of Assisi
lol i did dat when u logged in
Spend 90% of money on beer and soccer! The rest I just waste!
I love thunderstorms! ☁☔⚡
Great job we all thank you for keeping on it.
let's do some musical fusion! feat.
acc. it's hard to teach problem solving and decision making skills to people who are hired. they should come with that
haha yea I can see that :)
Bad Girls Club is on tonight! ;)
It's National Arbor Day! Do your part by planting a tree and protecting our environment!
yea me too
usually i'm not on the "stripper eager for attention" side but good for her. I mean c'mon Hef grow up ya old dirtybastard
Kevin Carey of Education Sector to speak at CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is not truly your real
Forever Young.
oh no! It happens to the best of us, right?! Long day! Hope you are well!
might want to delete that last tweet. Could be used in court against you.
“: thank you for the follow,”thank you!
he tweeted he was gonna be watching and he was there rehearsing for next week
Love me. Please.
ARE YOU HIGH?
I didn't watch this twerk video when y'all were RTing it this weekend. I'm watching it now. Smh.
I've been really busy Full-time job, grad school and keeping a happy girl
mega millions now at 476,000,000. if I win gram gram is getting that new hip
I love you Matt Hunter <3
Great!!! you can start by being a back-up lol
it all comes down to #execution I found #Sixers being resilient, therefore prolong the series will be better for Philly
If I learned anything from today it's that if you want something you have to go out and get it. There are no free handouts
There is a magazine called "Garden & Gun"
VDN you may want to get MO' Williams out the game
“: You can SEE and hear us now - So tune for a special report on animal cruelty coming up in just minutes!”
“: #Pisces - Who wants to have babies with you: Harry” best one yet
#IU #Crean tried to defend his decision to end UK rivalry matchup ... if you scared go to CHURCH! LOL
It's been free Public Service Announcements from the Ad Council.
in case we need to call, do u have a cell phone? DM me the cell phone number
for realz! Gotta catch up sometime
Thanks much. We love making connections in Chicago arts and culture. Stay in touch!
Omar, thanks for following!
dm me sometime?
Lunch is ready to serve
One of my dearest Twitter pals. I don't know how I got along without her wit and style. #FollowFriday (via )
I'm terrible with names (sorry!). Could the person who had the "DH Foursquare" idea at the poster session message me? Thx!
I'm not a fan of Colletta's. He made George Perez's early #Avengers work look stiff.
that's pretty good given all the upsets!! I've got Wisconsin, but we'll see!
Nigga to get with me is an opportunity .
After 8 years with one phone number (through 4 jobs) I now have a new work number. Not that anyone usually calls it anyway. Need it? ping me
If I could bring my shower on stage, I would win American Idol.
what's the emoticon for eye rolling?
how odd
time for all to THRIVE
I'm glad you saw the errors of your ways
Of course! Still have yet to see you this semester :(
I know its only a preseason game but can we say McCoy out played the Super Bowl MVP Rodgers?
I can already tell grad school is going to be much more difficult during the warmer months. 6 mos down, 18 to go. I can do this... maybe
Workplace #safety tip: Be relaxed. Injuries & pain can occur if neck & shoulders muscles remain constantly tensed
BECAUSE EVERYBODY KNOWS IM THE MEANEST PERSON ALIVE LOL
How was everyone's #weekend?!
There are Jenga myths?
i love when i fix a pot roast and our dog just starts licking everything in the house.
Well then. It looks like today is going to be a fire drill kind of day.
Got my tickets!
Dude gets it.
I liked it
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck I am doing... Then I realize I don't want to face the answer.
GOT TO GET MY NIGGAS OUT
Palomar Arlington is one that we haven't stayed at yet. Maybe in June. Going historic in DC for may's date night.
If you pay attention to the words of every girls favorite songs, you`ll find out everything she`s afraid to say.
damn I can't make it now
What is your purpose in life? Its your responsibility and duty to explore until you determine what is the core purpose of your existence.
OFFICIAL: WORLD IS SICK & OVERFLOWING W/WASTE; FORCED TAXATION IS PURE CORRUPTION; COPS R BASICALLY IMMATURE COWBOYS W/GUNS; FREEDUMB THUDS
We Wish You a Very Happy Easter!
The battle begins as soon as you open your eyes in the morning.
Good morning! So glad to hear that :) What have you been up to? RT : Good morning, im so enjoying my time in Vegas :) ^AP
Classical gems are gift from Conway Symphony guest conductor - Log Cabin Democrat
Uuhh duh! Hell yeah! RT : Trying to decide if I should do Vegas for my birthday
Cool. We have a Drupal site that's been using analytics since launched. Just wanting to know what's being shared and where. :-)
ha, I can only imagine. My old client (iRobot) has a lot...
Just 490! Usability Engineering. IS is like Bizzaro World SILS. Library Science & Information Science: never the twain shall meet.
Ion k shit on this quiz
If you're in pain today, it's because something GREAT is on its way! Keep pushing!
#team80 so trying to hold my #teamB status
Check out flypittsburgh.mobi before August 31 for your chance to win a $400 Travel Voucher from A!
That's a funny name. You're a funny guy!
Thanks for the follow! Love your mission
congratulations on all your accomplishments hope u enjoyed thanksgiving who do you run for?
Is trying not to blow it.
In Denver for Homewatch CareGivers Conference! Celebrating 30 years of care!
God don't like ugly.
Brandon at Subway: "I'll do a 12inch Italian." Me "yeah you will" Brandon "I heard that"
I feel like it is. More reference points around to make it "feel" like you aren't moving as much.. even though you are.
Leaving office now..so much for half day.
Short Hair, Don't Care.^.^
cant wait 2 see u in London :) luv ya x
Thanks to my AMAZING guests & , April was Radio Enso's best month yet!
RT : "Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads."_____Henry David Thoreau☺
Great to see you this week, and . You are both such wonderful thinkers and tinkerers. :)
“ (phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* "damn, i thought u were someone else!!" -.-”
The Academy Awards and Center Stage (the movie) are tearing me apart! Should I eat? Should I work out? Should I do both while watching tv?
They gone look real ugly
Friday night yahhhh
Don't even talk about that. haha they better hope they end up with jesus! Hes the only guy I approve of for them ;p
RT : LOVE MINE! RT : shows newest spring selections of makeup and fashion!...
Say what now?
My auntie just said we out here tryin to function lmao
I was just looking through the OB group docs, and I noticed there hasn't been an overcast in a while. What happened to it?
I've got just the thing to get your mind off of it
Clyde Stubblefield's drums are the backbone of hip-hop. Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
actually I was retweeting Andy Katz nice try tho, Skip
Hi Les, Thank you for following! Hope you have a great week!!
Twitagra: - I'll bet you tewenty bucks that is getting drunk tomorrow.
His brother dances! Haha ... he's cute(:
Congratulations on being named NHL's 2nd Star of the Week!!!
oh JCPenney... bad logo, bad idea... there's really no need for a #retail revolution
no I am - sorry just dealing w/ 3 sick kids this am :( Will call you shortly.
tell us more!
#FF the best Swagger crew around ever since Justin Bieber fired his coach.
: Yea! Stuck is so simplistic, but the art and way its told is so engaging and whimsical, for kids and parents.
#ICONicBoyz We Want To See Youz
Best of luck at the bloggers conference with all the fab designer who's who! Can't wait to hear the details- Shine on!
Always preferable to a not-hot mess.
Haha. You said "Thanks for following...". So we said "Thanks for being awesome."
I didn't even get ferreal any pictures. Lolo everybody else it al of them. Haha
Tisk tisk, u gotta wake up early and then you'll be like me!!! :)
6 more people and I have 800! followers!! I will ask people to follow you if you ask for me hehe :) Happy Friday!
Congrats to all the SDSU grads, this is only the beginning!
No, I am not the guest offensive coordinator for the Jets tonight. Please stop asking.
lol I won't, can't even if I tried too! Ivy been getting caught up with #DaBEARS lol
It was nice meeting you too!!!
dish, roxy, revel
If you destroy a bridge, be sure you can swim. African proverb
I don't :D
hey you should give me your number & wait until you get a text
I'm tonight's featured artist at The Thin Man Tavern - 9pm. The Ubisububi is one of my favorite rooms.
Mixed reactions regarding contraband from the Tweeps.
Love to you all!!!
Doctor: Here, hold this chicken foot.
Dirty Old Men Disgust Me!! Ill!!
Rove should be tried in the Hague for int'l war crimes w/ the rest of the Bush Admin
Firehook Bakery bakes its bread in a beautiful circular wood-burning brick oven!
I keep thinking there's something I have to do like study or something... it's nice to know there's not :)
Lotion? Check. Tissue? Check....Picture of Tiger Woods?.......Check I'm ready for a good week.
what a depresing day.sundays suck
Spoke to #SDSU tix office. BB season tix going through roof! Possibly no reserve tix left before season starts. Better hurry.
We Love Our Demi :D
Got the job! Starting Monday. Back to getting up early lol
HE'S UGLY. :O
Greek yogurt with chopped almonds, honey and cinnamon. Hit the spot!
I think I accidentally unclicked!! Following again!!!
bored than a mutha work was alrite could have went smooth.
Go home, come back to school, finish this paper and work out
bout to rock the Lyricist Lounge tonight 1030 pm sharp, Lets Get it!!!!!! 200 Hudson St. New York, New York
cant wait for the Ravens game
Couldn't Jim DeMint and Rick Perry just mud wrestle for the nomination? It would definitely help with fundraising.
RT The only way to end the lockout is World Peace. (this plug was so lame it burns my ass.) #whatmoneycantbuy common sense.
i am lol
#AvrilLavigne is a perfect girl;) I love you Avril!!!
WOW! They just keep coming!
it's a relationship. It doesn't matter if it's interracial. As long as the two people involved are happy that's all that matters.
apple pie with caramel/crumble topping.
She would be mine if she could rap
lol no more quotes. i fucking need to sleep, mom is gonna kill me...
There is pretty bad service over here... -_-
WE R Playin Arena Queens on May 27th. 10pm
That was me last night.
Just met 's our official rockstar photographer who will be snapping photos tomorrow! And his swag is out of this world!!
its not alex..hope you know that.
What is your best memory of your Mother growing up or what is the one thing that has impacted you the most that your Mother taught you?
Hi ! Do you have any totally #raw breads?
haha that's awesome!I think everyone was a bulls fan in the 90s during the Jordan days. but Liju remained a fan haha
hey we have too i mean YOLO! ;D lmfao
I just wanna know when there's going to be a book signing in NY...or PA.
ok, let me know, hopefully it works out. I'd love to go help out with your suspension too if possible
Sweet. I have to be at work in 4 hours and my tow truck broke down. Awesome.
Its gonna be a long day...
Sure I bet :-D lol
yes, everything.
wmyb never gets old
That's shocking
Why does #charlesbarkley hate the Buckeyes? Go Bucks!!
In honor of July 4th: Quote from Ben Franklin "Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man."
Good morning everyone
I now know what happiness smells like ...at least according to a candle at Target!
hey neighbor!!!! That's more like it! I may not email so much but I'm always on twitter!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HOSTING LAST NIGHT! YOUR SO WONDERFUL LOL
Sounds like she has a little bug then.
I want to so sleepy ": Back 2 sleep"
Your friend is much better!!
not much happened so you didn't miss that much
I'm cooking on Twin Cities Live at 3:40pm today. On the menu: French Dip/Italian Beef sandwich hybrid. I have 5 minutes to get it done.
no more school. boom.
Thank you, friend!!
“: Is it brown?” and a bit redish
Ok regroup! We're headed to The Gallery!
Watch the news tonight for coverage over our Safe Place balloon release! Thanks , and for coming out!
We are excited as well! See you Wednesday!
hey bro check your dms when u can
same to you! Thanks!
RT sleeping for 3 hours, then going to make sure is picked to carry on the fight that started.
3/3/1777->B. Arnold:I beg you not take hasty steps in consequence but allow for recollection..My endeavours to that end shall not be wanting
Festival of Books! It's happening, folks! :D
editing with
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 1
What are you doing up there?
Watching the Pirates of Penzance w/ my 10yo. The Major General song comes on. She looks up at me adoringly & tells me go ahead, sing along.
was watching "Jeopardy" tonight and there were three gingers on the Teen Tournament. All bright and they were surprisingly pleasant.
Favorite line from current copy piece, "We even take gratuitous liberties when describing what we do." Can't wait to push this live.
Hat Day tomoorw! Donate $1 to our PFO to wear a hat for the day!
how did you know?? Seriously I think he was.
Cocoa Almond Spread
shittt I was just thinking bout it
keep us all informed. Even though Sam focuses on the coogs, now. Tonight how it should be.
Nobody's looking at your shoes anyway. Unless you wear them.
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Alex I Love You So So So Much Please Please Follow Me. ILOVEYOU <3
So happy that my fans are enjoying my new music video for "Where Have You Been"! I think something finally passed "I Wanna Go" (; Xoxo <3
And forcing a free man to sit still in a room is usually considered evil. Unless he's in prison?
Day off. What to do?
my stomach feels like its about to explode!
SUCKS....GOTTA WRK TMRRW...DAMN WISH I CLDA WENT TO DA 'A' WIT MY SUPERMAN...DAMN..GOTTA MAKE DIS $$$$
a Stanford boy with all them gators lol
ever play axis and allies?
I wish 2Pac was alive...I just wonder what kinda fire he would be spittin' today .
I'd like to know if any of my followers are my age or older. So 17 or older...
u got it. we need ta kick it again
you can pick them up at any point today. The east box office is open right now.
A lack of sleep leads to a "stream of unconsciousness" Thanks cc
good, thanks! Finally got some sun. Heading back tonight
I'll go with the cheaper way, I'll just stop by when you're in town. when will that be?
Well now that the Dolphins are looking grim, (change of subject), what do you think about investing in the Iraqi Dinar?
I'm would love a legit body massage when I get home...
are you leaving wme???
Bmore peeps, you should go see this band: RT “: Ottobar in Baltimore tonight!”
BIG DAN!
Today in class I said I was married to Jesus out loud. Got some props.
Thanks! Fixed it. I throw those in just to make sure someone is reading. ;)
Australia, other side of the world :/
I love my mom!
Write about your competition. make awards programs--give awards to giant competitos. They'll give u links
i need digits.(: haha
Posted at touch....downtown....an adventure begins....hahaha
Happy 16th birthday !:)
Can I come over??? ;-) I love home fries!
I'm going to blame Barton for that one
Apparently people are LOVING 50 Shades of Grey - and we have a lot of copies in stock! Stop by to pick one up!
Huntsman: Republican affiliation based on traditions of past leaders
Tomorrow one of the big day in my academic life so nervous and excited!!!
Thanks so much for your enthusiasm! It's always great to connect with our #comunidad !
I'm in! Weekend or weekday better? I can do this Sun afternoon (2/5) or next Mon afternoon (2/13).
really good! Less flash thankfully and I'm really loving liza weil (aka paris geller)! Also still lovin Columbus Short
I bet Warner Herzog sang beautiful, delicate lullabies to his children when they couldn't sleep at night.
Boonville about to get a new senior citizen center
With 22 current permanent & touring productions worldwide,today's birthday boy billionaire--Guy Laliberte,Canada's king of the circus world
if its ok with you, I wanna call you LaTonka Jackson from now on! luv your body keep up ALL the great work!!!!
That's too bad. It would have been a great addition. RT The Lower Greenville bowling alley got denied 6-5.
:) RT : Everyone get your booties down to &amp; see my girl funk it up!
For his transgression he is to be condemned. Tich Naht Hahn(Chaz) "A man in his own estimation who considers hiself a good father, may
As much as going back is a bummer, I'm sure you and your family are looking forward to the "for good" part. Enjoy your vacation!
You should be world heavy weight champion.
Thanks for making to the unplugged hunters show last night! get well ben!
i just heard #FlyUnion new song it"s nice af
It's hot af, but dnt nobody wanna risk having a high bill, so NO AIR! Betta plug in the fan
#iMissYouWhen I sleep. I miss u when Im awake. I miss u all the time. Now what's it gunna take? To go back to the old days and ur old ways?
ha no. I'm with ya sista! How much do u love that show?
Everyone check out Amelia sanders on YouTube
Nothing cooler then new music on The ipod and blasting it in your car:D
- Thx for the RT about Pariah. We go back from the days of Young Back Professionals in LA!
please "LIKE" my facebook page! www.facebook.com/gstatus763
Sure.. Where?
guess i'll get started on this huge paper i have due tomorrow :'(
Obviously it is frivolous to say what will happen or not happen in Dec/2012. To do so as of questionable reading of Maya brick/ tablet....
she just seems like a dead-ish person. :*
awe thank you,dude :') ": welcome, wish you guys the best. :)"
#AskDylanBarker who do you think is thee prettiest girl celebrity under 21 years old? :)
I am. Wish I was in NYC to check out the exhibit.
Vin Scully is coming back! Nice to see some things stay the same.
Thanks for the RT.
Just finished up our holiday "card" order! Can't wait to see them!
is on her way to pick up her mom's SUV and get doughnuts for her movers.
your poor boyfriend is gonna be broke!
Being around so much failure just pushes me even harder to be the greatest there's ever been!
did u or geordy call me from the house tonight? if so I was in class
Man, sounds great I definitely will! Where yat this weekend?
Mark Laurin citing Bersin - 80% of workforce learning: on-demand, social, embedded. Presenting at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
We've got a CNC Router (built by some members) as well as a small CNC Mill, and a MakerBot CupCake...
Happy Birthday Girl :)
Playing volleyball with my little cousins. Hahaa.
Doesn't get any stricter than a book set in the past!
I have no idea what the hell we're watching. But it's fucking funny.
So who out there can act? Seriously if u can act and don't just think u can act get at me.....its for the A3F 48 hour Film Festival..
Just found out in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball EXPERT Draft I have the 6th overall pick. Draft kicks off at 8:15pm ET. Who Do I Roll With 6th?
dont call me that
my day was just made!
so we will pick up a few years later at the start of Season 5?
Random thought: I want to punch Wilfred in the snout. Then throw his bong in the sea.
The other night, watching some action, I proclaimed "#BallDontLie" and my wife said, "huh?" I said, "nothin, it's a Rasheed thing"
Cyber stalking some users in a pilot of a new product. Amazed at the bits they reveal on Facebook. Really helps me see into their world.
I never said there was anything wrong - I just said I can tell he went with the theory of change hash tag
No, damn it Rio Rancho.
yum! (Granite City)
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if there breathing.
R.I.P. MCA
i've been so busy, not had time to respond to you, still LOVE your tweets. be well :)
10:00-10:15am is our morning snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
Busy day tomorrow!!!!!!
Key Note Speakers Include: Mercedes M. Márquez, Assistant Secretary Community Planning & Development, U.S. Dept of Housing & Urban Dept
Wow bombshell
that's wassup!!! Just some super glue for the hair and the hair paint and it's set! (:
Get ugly , your to beautiful .
To date it's been Wine Steals or the PL Brew pub...soon, it will be Stone Brewery @ Liberty Station. Complete with bocce. Awesome!!!
what are you watching?
hahah :D I'm behaving!
Sure you will, price of flights and luggage. You're not going anywhere! LOL LOL LOL
Leplets of course
It's really funny how right when I get home from school, my mom planned my whole entire weekend for me... haha wth?
sunday, grinders, share some stories
He lovin tha crew "* see what i did their "* .*
Need to release some #stress!!
I hate feeling down...
Sorry if I am being a asshole to anyone just somethings make me mad
Wealthy citizens in the northern pan handle of West Virginia opposed secession and pushed for a new state!
Private show tonight at the Las Vegas House of Blues!
There is no chance anyone in the world has a physical copy of a Boston Globe from 1904. . . .Is there?
Mitchell Baker #Mozilla #GlobalINET Net censorship & regulation is threatening connectedness even in "free speech" nations
Great Q! If the case, then restructuring is a must. Where to begin, my fam is now aware, hope not2late 4myson?
Idk, but there have been more depressing episodes than any with humor.
There was a Levi's Workshop is Soho that allowed you to check out cameras.
Thx Dan - funny how that was sent at just the right time! Hope all is well!
Islands of Adventure today!
if you were there helping the colt out and write a blow by blow account I'll pencil u in for another eclipse award
haha I'll have to bring you a picture of the might fish!
Yes. Sending you a DM now.
nice vid bro,I got them Beatz fam. Get at me
RT : Hey somebody is making really bad things about you...
I don't eat, but the thought of ripping heads off is always fun.
Wow! So do you, Melissa. I love "Jealousy's Rage"!
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
and the upsetting begins . . #fuckit .
Can't do that, its all made ya who ya are today, gotta stay thankful to remain blessed
Hey, thanks for mentioning my presentation last week. I was so focused on the sessions, forgot to tweet about it.
Oh it feels like the first round in Hollywood!
baby it's ok
Same thing for me… I had been meaning to get rid of my old pc, but glad I didn't so that I could update the remote.
what time should I stop bye for Dinner. What kinda wine.
Thanks for the follow,Misty! -Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher @ the new #Plush!
Homecoming Dance got shut down because of two fights, gunshots heard and people passing out in McDonald's including a fight because of pizza
Tweeting in the dark. Its the initiation to 666 krew.
Down.. even if the sky is fallin down :P
J'aime big butts is all I know and I doubt I spelled that right
Oh boo! My bad! Just got excited... RT : Shhhhh... Don't jinx them.
planning our wrap party now - play = work
#its2012whyyoustill ask for likes on your pictures ?
Attended a great seminar by at #BizExpo today! He know his
La Dispute and Defeater is next Tuesday. BTBAM and Job For A Cowboy is next Wednesday. Minerva is August 6. Who's stoked right now?
Cyber bullying is violent. Trust me. You just can't see the cuts and bruises as easily.
Worrying is stupid Its like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it too rain..<3
all done with that lesson .
Camps looking for US staff...contact us. We can help.
Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers have great chemistry.. the WR1 position is deep this year
i told Ashley, 'i feel so comfortable.. I can do my man voice in front of him' lmao
Thanks for following! *cheers*
thanks for getting crazy with us in El Paso. Great set!!!
Drink lots of fluids.. and definitely take it easy.
Im down hbu:)
oh I know the pain in sending prayers ur way!
Best Handheld Game to Keep Your Kids Entertained: Twisterz Toys' Story Starter by Nickelodeon's Parents Connect! Try it out for your family
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 2
.___. -wants to send it to him but he'll cry-
staying with college friend. Cannot wait to see you. Where to go? You obviously decide.
Headed to Songwriter's Night to see my mentor play as well as the amazing and -
I want You Too...♥ Follow Back ?
Call Me, Maybe....MYFUCKINGSONGTILLTHEDEATHOFME.
Oh The Cranberries are back in business!! ;-)
Just taking the time to thank all the supporters and to wish you a Merry Christmas....don't forget about Jesus today.
Hyperexstended my arm at practice... again.
LOL RT : What ship has never docked in Cardiff? The Premiership :-)
thank u beautiful man for following me . U from portland??
Wow. Phil Humber with a PERFECT GAME for the White Sox. Good stuff!
is the studio with
Tonight's Special: Cajun Shrimp Basket with Fries!
gotta love Old Navy:)
Guess who was just interviewed by a reporter from the New York Times? C'est moi! The questions is: Will I make it in the article or not? :)
well I'm out
We vote beer! RT Or beer! RT #Bmorefail = huge success! Tx 2 4 fab day learning 2 fail. NEED COFFEE NEXT TIME!
Cheers to the weekend.
Was wrong with You?
Saints vs Lions and Heat game tonight. Plus live music and good times as we do it until 4am.
The blue-green color of teal is named for the Common Teal, or Eurasian Teal, a breed of duck, which is the smallest “dabbling” duck.
Happy Hour at 5! Professional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30! You'll be at both, yeah?
Movie night watching 50/50. Nothing like some cancer + Seth Rogan to get you laughing and crying at the same time!
That's the real sad part. But I think what's even worse is some of them do know and they just don't care. :( R.I.P. Kenzie
Annnndd I'm done for the night.
Except that someone was 5-11 last year
thanks my good man. Hope all is well with you!
"It's a beautiful day"
I'm so jealous hahah.
Our production and casting team is now on twitter. Please follow for updates as we finish the last of our film!
MIND GAMES BRUH.....MINE/MIND #Tricky FAM
Your bullshit goes in one ear & out the other!
yeah me too i need to send my money in
thanks hun! Not exactly catching up on sleep yet cuz I've got so much work to do by tmr AM! Do u have whatsapp? I'll fb msg u my #
omg I made your name....honored
well u have never done nothing to me so im sure :)
Thank you! RT : is the Communicator of the Week! We think you are awesome. and !
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do. -James Allen
This is almost like the time I put my sport bra on backward and it fit!!!! I laugh at myself but worry too!!!
Butter...you are a true friend however...you had me at 'unsalted'...
Hellcats isn't ending for good is it?!?!?!
Yep. SF is great and the transportation infrastructure is even better!
shit im in the studio right now with this sickness still knocking out features & songs.
The last thing we need is bird shit all over the place
What happened to the original?
really really funny, really really perfect, really really precise. Thank you.
Party Mix for the Crockpot Whenever I know the kids will be bringing friends home after school, I make this Crockpot party mix recipe . I
He's only seven so I don't think we are quite ready for HP. But we will be before too long. I need something interim.
"Join the Debate" = fall for our linkbait hate-speech so we can get our ad revenues up.
Happy Leap Day Year!
SpazmO! says hello!
looking through a magazine in el Salvador.. It said he was the new bieber and I got mad. Ha I don't care for the biebs anymoree
Today's Fun Fact: The Wright brothers' first flight was shorter than the wingspan of a Boeing 747.
No school. Quince Pictures:D
VEGAS!!!!!! Thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? Its live in LV too!
No, You're AWESOME!
#kyderby adventure starts now. Going to be big.
New reality show, Divorce Boat.
got u
Hype!! RT : Could not have been a nicer day for a festival
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization
Just shot a review for the NOT OUT YET HTC 1S for Tmobile, will edit it and upload it shortly! My first review so hope it's good :D
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :(<3
Badgers can't make sack | Tackling problems today | But Badgers force punt! |
The More I freestyle the more creative I get wit the flow...Damn,Think I Need a studio Show
Do u carry a laptop around? Thought of a tablet? Samsung Tab 10.1 is a great device, lightweight not to mention 4G give your back a break
Iswear I fucking LOVE isabel so much!!!! ♥ gawdd, imma miss her so much! Lmaooo☺ she always finds a way to keep me up & going ♥♥♥♥♥♥
This one hurts Hawks!!
Always embrace laughter when it comes...humor will have your back
ill be your valentinee (:
Love your video and your message. Please follow so that we can talk more about your music! :) thanks
bouut to spend time w. him & the bby :)
RT : FAITH is brightest in the midst of the darkest night! Faith is to believe that which is UNSEEN until it becomes SEEN!
One trillion dollars could buy a lot of salt. One trillion dollars and I'll buy myself a malt
Go out and support our friends in Lets Get It! Their new album came out today!
#BradPitt is SO HOT in that movie!!!
Chris Bosh out so what, its not he was gonno do anything to Hibbert or KG anyways
Rent in Metro Atlanta? Want to buy a home? Light on Cash? Tweet me to find out about downpayment assistance up to $60k! ATL is on SALE 2DAY!
Rat tat tat tat on yo dum dum drum the beat so fat gonna make me..
Thanks and for having me in today !
THANKS FOR THE LOVE BRO
Adam R. Gwizdala~ If you go with the flow youll eventually end up over the waterfall.
I love watching
If you replace g's with q's, then you might have to stop right the fuck now. Thanks.
just switched here too. Uh oh... Seems to be going in and out. Weird. I think they have some signals crossed.
Turn up the music cause this song just came on 💗
because they are #sweet... haha
Great night in Lville with Tony, Tim and Pudge. Good times during the NCAA Tourney. See u Saturday-BH
I'm starting to think the real problem is is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
We ought to maintain the character of this area. It's critical we not destroy the places of beauty and grace that we have already.
You don't understand, and I'm not sure that you ever could.
I wonder if my paycheck will have that back pay on it yet... all I know is I better get my money by next payday -__-
Only ONE person can put me back in a good mood. When I ten 18 I'm moving FAR away
check out the new website. www.susannahnesmith.com critiques welcome.
You're so brave! :-)
we're gonna give it everything we've got : ) Thanks!
Do we have a list of candidates or sitting congressmen who stand behind #occupywallstreet beside and ?
haha I guess well have to find out huh
I have cold feet. But no really. My feet, they're cold! -
This morning I'll be serving up some microwaved year-old bananas'n'creme Quaker oatmeal realness with a side of anxiety
The successful always have a # of projects planned to which he looks forward. Anyone of them could change the course of his life overnight.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. - Peale
when does he come around where you live
Thank you Pearl, and have a great weekend
Shine in the New Year with a Winter Radience Facial Take 50% OFF , Fridays only! Offer ends Jan 31st. 360-687-0778
Uh Oh.. No Love breaking is toys again?
I love you. That is all.
Happy Monday Francisco and always keep that positive attitude and energy alive
lol lmfao that's harsh bro
Never 4 get when u work hard u receive good results
I am a good person. I help out my neighbors,friends & family. Some people take a advantage of good people.
« I wish i could have a saline IV at night to start me off hydrated in the morning. #waterbed»
Enjoying Phil Vassar in concert at the park w ! Such a beautiful evening!
im gonna do my homework and cry and im not talking to him until i get the other side of my nose done
ok n wat time it start
WILLIAM!!!! Duh... Of course, it's so obvious. Duh!!
that looks delicious!
yeah I know but its definitely not the real Princeton
Ain't nobody got time for John Travolta.
is celebrating 's birthday. He'll tell you how when he first came to America, he thought it was India.
I have tons of sound bites. You mean the cartoon right?
Appreciate the follow? Would you be open to having a conversation about unique nutrition? Thanks in advance!
Little-known O'Malley appointee, Secre of Labor Alexander Sanchez, just named chief of staff by Story to follow.
My eyes on fire
Simple reminder: #magicians and trips to #Vegas will ALWAYS seem like a good idea when others are paying. That's not scandal, that's
I think it's time for
Living the dream! Congrats! RT : Closing in on 1,000 #RFID enabled enclosures in the field. A lot of exciting work going on.
Good morning San Diego! Zen-Diego would like to offer you a complimentary consult on laser teeth whitening and bleaching.
I want a snuggie
I'll catch u on the next go round. Hope y'all enjoyed urself's.
Let's get some runs!!!!
I preciate it cuz ill keep it touch wit u
Hanging out at the
The Brewers today extend the contracts of GM Doug Melvin (through 2015) and manager Ron Roenicke (through 2014, club option for 2015)
T and I have been sitting at the same light for 15 minutes!!!!
Down to MAN U
What do women want? We want everything :)
hey dog, did u get the job prospect email I sent. With Soros Open Society in DC.
Pokemon theme song in English = cool. Pokemon theme song in SPANISH=
Just got my itinerary from ! Wheels up for training one week from today. Can't wait!
Again I start at 21-3. Same table as Wed but hopefully with better results
If nobody dont sign that kid from Santos from PHILLY they f***** crazy!
Interesting, , the old , is playing 10,000 songs straight. That's about 4 weeks of nonstop music.
Setting up the office/practice space to track some demos. Been wanting to do this again for a long time.
Couldn't have said it better #WeSeeYou RT : Some people should really mind their own business
Congratulations ! #prelingerlibrary rec'd her magisterial Roads to Power, political history of roadbuilding w/digital implications
i just now have been #Shutdown im #DONE with ppl tellin me what to do and what not to do im #DONE its so annoying ppl dnt understand
exit row, aisle seat…. as close to the front as possible! plz and thank you :)
Off to the Flagstaff Ranch for #ALADN dinner
Already my Brother ,it looks like we might open our offices in Miami,so ill Going back and force from Houston to Miami.
Days like today were made for Happy Hour!
Thanks Jon
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. - Marie Curie
Just got myself some free Taiwanese food truck thanks to the Snapple promo. Thanks guys!!! YUM!
This rain got me like BLAH 
aw that's cool and it is black xD
Good morning, may the grace of God be with you today!
I miss their weisswurst. Sigh, meat mail...
400th tweet to Ryan! Watch over the rest of your fellow eagles <3
lookin at this preg-O she gettin bigger blood
i can't wait for
Let's run some numbers on the probability of that, shall we?
love it - definitely want to incorporate some of these ideas into future possibilities...
#Knicks fans shower Jeremy Lin with MVP chants p
Going to sleep! Had a very fun day with family and friends! Shopping tomorrow!! Woo Hooo! :]
thnx! right back at you!
it would mean the world to me if you told me happy 17th birthday!!!! <3 lovee you
Excited to see my first live pitch on Thursday xx
Turn on San Diego Channel 10 news at 6 for story on my client, Jane Roe, who was sexually assaulted by former SDPD cop Arevalos.
no problem Ty. Glad you could make it.
#Jonez Poll: Dumber bastard, Rondo or Stoudemire?
Thanks for RT. Any pre- theatre Alexandria restaurant recommendations for our patrons?
going over the research for todays council meeting on human svs sec. in mayor's budget. It going on right now. I'm not schedule until late.
DESSERTS CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
Lakers should let Denver win tonight. Let Artest suspension matter even less.
theres a girl i know shes the one im dreamin of *hmm* looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above *hm* -How Will I Know
I took that game off my phone lol , here Boutta grub I'm humgreeeeeeey
Now I remember why I took a break from twitter.
Happy Birthday Peeps.
So sorry, Megan!
Who loves the weekend? This guy! #heatison Anyone down at #Ultra? You gotta love
I don't know what this worlds gonna do but I know one thing that this is the life for me
can I still get in to the grind session in NYC next week?
no worries
Pretty dumb to wear a tank top and shorts..outside..at night
we saw the 1st snow in Estes Park, Co. for this year 22 inches of beautiful white flakes. Don't see much of it where we are in Texas.
a trade "up" would be to get rid of him
Warping my loom, while thinking about anything else I'd rather be doing.
guys this really sucks but we will no longer be playing in Jacksonville this weekend : (.
Today is a great day!
No prob! Good luck :)
Is at the Big House watching U of M put it to UMass! Go Blue!
Thanks for the follow! I have been a fan of your tweets for quite some time now. #voiceover #voice over
All hyped up on iced coffee and pretzels....bookings and castings rolling in...crazy day!
I was in Destin in April. Beautiful area. Never been to Vegas.
After the audition, it is off to my sister's house to watch the take on the Jacksonville Sharks for the Conference Champ.
A good women is a like a four leave clover, rare, but when u find it u keep it!
yes but for certain reasons we will not share where. Sorry love!
someone's a little jell ;)
ACR. I just saw something about double xp. If not I'd still be playing anyway
go follow on instagram ''
i can hear my dog barking from down the street.. #sorry to the annoyed neighbors
How about a shout out for since she was on Idol, too??
Come on LAKERS
Out here filming go to work. Can't believe the time has passed so fast it seems
I don't know if the weather could be more perfect this morning for
The shit I witnessed today on the #1 bus! This dude rolled a blunt from scrap starting at Frandor and ended at Sparrow! 0_o
Operation: Sound Off! now has a facebook page!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy learning more about me :)
You're so predictable BenRo
Do you wear you uk flag jagk shirt a lot to support alex's background?
Olly Murs has such a nice bum!
RT : . Laptop, pft. So five years ago. Why not give them all iPads?
Ballgame. Semifinals for America
thank you so much!
If you knew better, you'd do better..
I guess I can't be too mad cuz I'm using a working phone and I got 4 letters this week
Crazy that the next in March is the 29th right? 4-5 a year means they add up quick.
....its FREE to mind your own business!
Swing by Sugar Shack BBQ (24th & San Antonio) 12-2pm today for reduced price Notorious PIG. Will be DJ spinning hip-hop records.
I have been commissioned to make a vegan pumpkin pie for my roommate Ryan's Special Ladyfriend. Tell me this is not adorable.
You're aren't doing anything wrong! Don't let anyone let you think any differently. What you're doing is awesome!
Time to have fun
The fish is ready to be served! Mt. View 301 Evelyn Now!
Thank you for checking into The Harp! See you soon!
Emma Stone should host next year!
I had British tea when I came to the UK last year, it tasted so much better.
hey. dm me.
Beye, Bassong, and little Charlie look like leaving their clubs, My hope is that all roads dont lead to Tyneside for them
Is pirates of the carribean just on continuous play on abc family?
New videos are up, check them out and like or dislike them it counts !!!!!!
Wow! You're actually on here!
What's up Bro??????? You don't like the tribe?
Alyssa Mehnert's recital starts at 2pm in Auer hall! Come out and support her!
I did coke for the first time in
yeah that's always been my understanding, started to question when I read the article you tweeted about gotta groove recs...
RT : We've been nominated for 's Community Builders Award! Voting ends at 10pm tonight. Vote #betascape! bitly.com/CommAward
How u been?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm marrying 😊😘❤
I think im finna show my mom what Jalen looks like lol
COOL :)! Thanks!
Still waiting. :)
Good, thanks for asking. Just trying to make it in the "Valley" all the other tech nerds.
Im stayin in the crib fa now on ant shit out here fa me nomo
If you need google+ let me know!
Howdy! Good luck with your querying later this year. I will be right there with ya.
thanks Danny:) You made My night!
Just realized #Kardashians this Sunday!!!! So excited 😘
Nevermind the old gmail or new gmail, you really need to use
Congrats jimmy on the First win of the season
Clue #2: we are pulling back the curtain on a creative transformation.
I don't usually comment about other radio stations in town, but when I do it's about how shitty John Tesh is. Stay flaccid my friends.
<------ who loves my new Avi ?? ahaah *le patiently waits for no reply* lmfao
cop my 50mm !!!
I have a new hero. Saw you as you were nearing the 50 mile mark and you looked great. and smiling.
so how many of you would love to be in a party like in the Bounce music video?
: My daughter is going on about how CUTE TYLER'S EARS ARE. Good grief!
guess who joined on this..i will probably be annoying on this until i get a hang of it
Only right that we give our friends a special shoutout on Autism Awareness day. Any special plans today?
Studying for Finals on wednesday. Two tests and a day of skills labs away from my dream... Paramedic Young :) So so close...
Considering the audience, that would be a bit ick.
In class Im known as the gossip girl fashionista c: I LOVE IT !!
all n mines
she just got here. hangin out, eating, trying to do work, creeping fb...but really, do my homework. cider is calling your name.
Gotcha. (And yes, you were proven right. Heck, you always are right, anyway. ;-)
It definitely was! #hachat Gave me the push and confidence I needed.
that was GREAT! Loves it! <3
If you want to make a difference, you have to understand whats happening in the country and why. Need far more than talk radio sound bites!
yeah but how great will it be when we're old and gray and talking about analog and wearing mix match knits?
Sounds cool!
I'm a little leary about following the Milwaukee Police on Twitter. idk. Is it just me?
": Hurry up with my car parking guy! Lol." Tell him no smashin,them valetes b doggn ppl cars
you for the RTs
..yes, but is that a threat or a fact you cling to?
No, you're the only dork so far. RT Is anyone else struggling to make tryruby.org work?
All these bitches be wanting the dick
can't wait!!!
Currently on #SoundCloud listening to , She is freaking amazing! =-O
My fans are the best. Coming from a meeting and hearing them screaming my name is the best! Thank you Times Square 💗 Xoxoxo.
wait. there are channels besides ESPN and ESPN2?
be my kanye?
Little children stress me out....
Good morning, all!! Monday, yes, but once we accomplish getting through Monday, anything is possible!!
nice video! I just started tracking hashtags w specific words Such as #needlogodesign Is that what u mean? Im a twitternewbie
OMG STOP -.- I WAS ALMOST ASLEEP GIRL
All by myself. i Dont wanna be all by myself!!!!!
Amid a sea of window washers being billed as "high-level sources," Journalist should know that Fake David Boren never goes off the record.
Thanks buddy! On a related note, we're back to thinking that gasoline and a match are our best landscaping tools.
accidently pulled the hem out of one of her favorite skirts. faculty meeting. then hair appt.
So I was just washing my hands in the urinal and...wait, hold on a second
that amazing writing moment in Lost? What season? I'm getting close and I dont wanna miss it! :)
not true...but look like him tho
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal. - Zig Ziglar
This weirdo I know has a "scrunch" face smile. It's fucking awful & she thinks she's cute which is even more horrifying.
have fun my man.
gators baseball game tonight!!! (; <3go gators!!!
Full of gratitude. Today is beautiful. Make someone's day with a smile from your heart today :)
You know, just a business guy, doing business things. With Connie Berg of fame!
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
Thank you for guessing!!
Dang, dont want to get ahead of myself, but Chaya's got the early lead... going to be hard to beat this miso for sure!
s/o to for always being there for me & being one of the most amazing & prettiest people i know. love you!!
Sent out a marketing piece yesterday and heard from three past clients in two hours. People just need to be reminded sometimes...
Follow for surreal stories about LA.
RT : Somebody said Chris bosh looks like a gay giraffe hahahahaahahahahahaahahaha (You are better than this.)
big philosophy presentation, one paper to do then im finally done for the week.
I told you what you should've done
Reggie better make me some damn enchiladas -__-
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Having a crappy run feels so much worse at 6AM. At least it's Friday.
Haha, alrighty. I figured you'd like at least ONE of the picks, lol
Jesus died for my sins and all I got was this lousy t-shirt
do some work
I am really learning this twitter thing. I will be looking forward to reading them 4 sure.
It really creeps me out when guys have finger nails so long you could give them a french manicure..
When I see on ICarly tomorrow I'm going to be fangirling and screaming
That's really all I know
Your Acct was hacked and is posting Dms with links to malware. Time to change your password.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed the hunt for green october
Cafe LuLu with for some drinks & appetizers!
Not a group sir...but an individual...Tevin Campbell...
Oh no isn't attending? You will be missed!
totally agree! we need to get ryno back at wrigley!
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.”--Dr Seuss
Dogs don't have ear drums. So when you blow smoke into them, it goes straight through the auditory tube to the cerebral cortex.
Well come here and let me use you then!! lol
I'm only a speaker for them tomorrow so don't know about this. I don't endorse any one system, I'm agnostic! :)
“: I *knew* I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.”rt
There are times when peeps get word vomit
RIP adam yauch of beastie boys.
Anyone Who Has Nevar Made A Mistake Has Nevar Tried Anything New...
Time to review your call charges on your business telecoms? Give us a call: 0844 880 2010. You will be pleasantly surprised!
Headed to for a cake competition (serving, not baking)
To much taco bell got me feelin exhausted
“: No such thing as giving up too much for truly elite QB. If he's not, everyone's getting fired anyway so who cares?” SO TRUE
Is so #sick of #people. Cereal Bowles
I don't call out assholes on twitter often, but this deserves it. “: Kurt Cobain committed suicide. Did he play football?”
Me and just might have compared our friends to old social networks. Hint
homemade mac n cheese #fat boy
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 59
Best line of the day from the media center, the Super Bowl is a circus and a zoo.
Can it be possible? The best batch of #ChickenNoodleSoup is hot off the stove and ready to be delivered! If your in the #Chicago area - Call
When did join ? Awesome! But I must have been asleep.
♬ Happy Birthday to Gordon Stoker from Elvis backing group "The Jordanaires" Have a wonderful day Gordon ♬
Thx for the RT! Have a great day!
Lewis: In the 70s, Iceland privatized fish & each had a quota based on historical catches. Created billionaires overnight.
oh shush hahahaha they do not. Did you draw them in or something?
This feeling <
Iran Nuclear-Program Raid Fears Ease, Conciliation Seen
Choosing a Factoring Company: Step 1: Compare companies and decided if you will use a recourse or non-recourse factoring company.
What we do in life echoes in eternity.
I get my hopes up for nothing.
YOUR SO CUTE! NOTICE ME?:) xoxox love youu
I could be up for hh.. but are you going to decide last minute you'd rather go home to anacostia?!??
.........blah,blah,blah, say whatever i want but are u really listening........
"May the Fourth be with you! LOL, it's Star Wars day! So clever." -Me in 2009.
saw her the other week live (again)!
Boo to walking dogs in this rain!!!! :(
. On the other hand, I find that blasting out cryptic tweets in frustration to be incredibly theraputic!
You're more than welcome // Thanks for being leaders in your #Greek community
Follow us back We carry rock smith Thanks
So hopefully Will finally come to Houston like
im falling for u i guess. think it started at the bowling alley yesterday
Any baseball fans out there? Opening Day is just around the corner...
Sometime our blessings in life come early .. sometimes they come late.. but there always on time...
Bears were regarded as ritual kin, kept in pens inside family homes for several years, culminating in a carnivalesque bear festival...
RT : Whoaahhh!!! Talking about really matters in life! Congrats!! Exciting times, grandpa! :-P time to celebrate! > +1
#Rotary speaker Gerard Randall Jr. says Milwaukee has 4th highest concentration of engineers in America.
You are FUNNY man!! Love it... pianists/ music theorists save the earth!
That awkward moment when you go to the bathroom and your zipper is already down
retina! I like it!
It sounds like when you cylon on TWIG.
Now that would have been awesome! RT He really should have just gone on "Ellen."
is looking for film crew members that are available to work Fantasy Fest in Key West, Florida from October 28 to 31, 2011. Please email me!
my pleasure Dan have a wonderful New Year filled with love, light and a little enlightenment where needed.
Jay Z in the morning can cure all problems!
Give yourself enough time to warm up before and cool down after exercise.
Harry gets an A for effort tho #FormerPlayers #FreePass RT : Hey Harry on 107.5 the plural of series is still series. Not serieses
Just added to #WFX2012 Creative Animation Studios
Thanks for following!
whys this train so fuckin crowded
If you don't swear off wrestling for 3 months.
Just kidding<3
Osborne: slow and boring can be ok. 'Avalanches cause a ruckus. Glaciers change the world.' Oh that HPC would be a gospel glacier!
sick naw I gotta dj friday
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
What is it about a harmonica that makes a rock song sound that much better?
All hands on deck for Barrett, Mitchell & Lori Compas. Getting Fitzgerald out is even bigger than Walker. Let's do this!
Fuck wit me bitches
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IT... IT WONT HAPPEN... HAVE A FAITH
the office reaks of man urine. no thanks to
Sorry dads getting lil mad
i thought that was just to get hard?
Come on Allen
Wedding reception time!
stay off my twitter.
I think my downstairs neighbor has a table saw. Or an broken foot massager. Or an insane vibrator. One of these. Or maybe all of these.
XD look up True Life
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
You better be careful, mister.
Brave looks cute... The Descendants looks like it has potential..
After the Dem House gives the shaft to the Rep's, how can ANY dem even try to complain about the Senate redistricting!
Reno Bighorns are in Austin. Hopefully they come away with a win.
First day on the job :) Stay tuned for updates!
hey what's up! How you been?
Ce n’est pas à un vieux singe qu’on apprend à faire la grimace. (There’s no substitute for the wisdom of experience.)
your are such an inspiration and i love your voice<3
Don't think about it be about it
Just Dance :-)
i have your personal number lmfaoooo xD
Don't you have pie?
contest? celebration? what?
Another VO from Pittsburgh, I followed you before thanks for the follow! #voice-overs #voice over
point and shoot - i have a dslr that I love, but I need something for on the go. Heard good things about Cannon or Nikon.
Why would it be a problem for someone to sleep? Q3
lol he got back up
I don't NEED it but after 7yrs it would be nice. Really tho, I want someone to make me feel the way I need to feel. Otherwise it's just...
Great breakfast at #wheelerspharmacy the people there are so nice
Heyday big band gig tonight playing the old standards + a mix of contemporary stuff - Quincy, Foster. Band locked in on 3rd set. Yea!
I'm here and following you ! (Leave the Yankees home)
Sorry guys my twitter got hacked
Anyone out there celebrating #EarthDay? We already got all our #email out of the way.
Hey how about them Owls getting to the league !!! Keep it up squad...
Our graphic designer is working on a new backdrop for the show. We are very excited about the new design. Hope to have it printed this week
#BHLib is no longer a pilot project. At some point, we became part of how people do research. Remarks from at
I got a song im working on about A street nigga that had a good thing but was to busy to realize what he had until she was gone! so what...
Gross gross gross. Someone help me .----. Creepy dude.
Bring on the Giants, the fans in Green Bay need revenge for the '07 NFCCG.
nice, but was hoping for steak and kidney with follow up photos.
Dan, I've got your track scheduled to be featured as the download of the day on 5/2/12.
Im so stoked for you to be rockin the new site hot stuff. My fav site thus far.
Calling it a night 😱
I love not having anything to do
shout out oh I'm watching Victorious <3
Now she telln me that she gon' tell all her friends im like ok
An apple a day will help you play! <3
I'm rapping
I don't get why people say duck? I think it's stupid, just go ahead and say fuck. FUCK! See how easy that was?
#WeWontWork If you still listen to your bestfriends.
I want a board!
didn't have football today 
Mixing the #tabla for Return to Ambala (the partition song) Mithun killed it again.
Dude how did you know what me and Brooke were talking about while you were running!? Hahaha.
I guess I'm just an inspiration.
Big Thank You Shout Out To: Juan Young Trust! They awarded a $7,000 to support The Shadow Project's replication efforts! Thank you!
Louisville softball is the 15th overall seed in the NCAA tournament. Will host a regional next weekend.
Whent to the Hollywood farmers market, great produce,great meat can't wait to use you guys Thanks so much for your hard work
QB Philip Rivers just went for $18.00 - a steal - $200 budget.
Where the Cougars AT?!?!?! The cubs are linin' up! Ladies 40+ FREE Guyts 21-30 FREE! See you tonight!
Hi new followers! :)
good morning (: & ive been ready for Tuesday <3 you ready?
LATE NITE HAPPY HOUR!! Watch the sunset over our beaches then join us 9pm-11pm Wed-Sat for 1/2 price draft beer-it doesn't get any better!!
yeah...we kinda swagger jacked the name from that album haha!
Is it too late for JR Smith to give up shooting threes for lent? 2 for 11?!? I was getting Harrington flashbacks.
whats the status on Gonzalez? and brauny for today?
“: Them: Were you dropped as a baby? Me: Yeah, Into a pool of sexy.”
RT And Get The Biebs To WASHINGTON!!!!(:
the fat brown fox waslked under the lazy dog.
Heard a german girl tell a jewish joke!
sure man whatever you say :)
Emergency water help is on the way! cc
You're Responsible for Your Life......
I hope by the time you come to the USA....you are still a humble harry
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 1644-1658 reformatted and corrected. I am talking with an ebook publisher.
Pete, you should write this! There's plenty of fodder.
Definitely! :D
so long my friend. Til next year of course😊
Checkout the Shin Do Kumate & Muay Thai event for Feb 27th at www.shindokumate.com
We did everything backwards, you and I.
RT : . takes a break from the set to promote We snapped this behind-the-scenes shot:...
shut up. I win
Oh yeah...SUMMER JAM IS BACK! JULY/21/CONSOL ENERGY CENTER! HMU FOR DETAILS!!!
Just made it into San Antonio! Speech for #GFOA at 8:30 a.m.
My 2 simple sanity requests for the day: I need 20 minute to finish the book #borntorun and then I need 1 hr to go for a run.
you put the @ sign and then their username.
They have not. I'd like to believe that I'm a very special snowflake, thank you very much :P
Kobe coaching his team wow, he motivating them to pass pass the ball!
thank you for everything. Tell Ryan hello.
#Oomf Had To Have His Last Name. 👎😔
OMG. Can you really survive one year like that?
I pickup D. Lowe yesterday & he gets me a complete game shutout. Doesn't quite make up for Kemp going on the DL after rosters locked.
hahahaha - O K A Y (x
Linda are u not going to Bill's wedding?!
Wish my shoulder & neck didn't hurt #wahwahwah #complain 👎😁
Kobe is all the way Ballin.
Nothing to say but everything to do.
About to release my 150th recording in the last 2 years.
Make that chelsea vs. Barcelona
what is up Rockies? Have we won ANY one run games this year? Maybe Michael Young at third was not such a bad idea.....we need help
Hey everybody. Anybody wants a shout out. For our 100th Podcast show?
I just talked w the owner of Ben Rich. They showed me an early preview of their new lines (WOW)!
in an effort to match our entertainment to our current weather conditions and i are enjoying The Donner Party movie
One hour of sleep for the last day of classes because of an English paper...
Dinner with my brother at our favorite Indian spot...
lucky my phone died!
"Austin is changing." Yeah. He's GROWING UP. (: Making something for US. No. Not US. I meant the MAHOMIES. <3
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
i am expecting higher, depending on last minute news
I wouldn't not let Alison Brie take me out to dinner.
Fitness is earned, not bestowed - a process, not a magic trick - an investment, not a miracle.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix stupid people and me
IE10 Platform Preview - Like Woe (woo)
misses you too sweetheart ❤
I'm not saying the Yankees didn't care about this game, but I'm pretty sure I could hit a home run off Scott Proctor.
its time to take my ass to bed
Opened utg with AKo to 350. Late pos 3-bet to 22k all-in. Sigh. I folded of course.
not anywhere particular, but we've only been looking for 2 days. Have seen people say stay away from MD side. not true?
Statistics are like a bikini; what is revealed is interesting, but what is concealed is crucial. -A.R. Feinstein.
I need more friends
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
Its only Tuesday night & it feels like a week has gone by. This is what happens when you're open at American AND UK business hours.
it's a written "chat", follow CMT's link, it will take u to our fb page and you can join us!
They talkin bout how funny think like a man was on lets stay together. Man i gotta see that movie this weekend
Spending the day to myself
a religious man might tell you that He wouldn't give you anything you couldn't handle.
What?? Why? ": Source confirms Jarrod Uthoff leaving #badgers men's hoops team."
Goods givers have household income over $50,000, southern, college educated
Firefox is notorious for eating larger and larger chunks of RAM the longer it runs. Always has.
Smoking hot girl just walked into Brookhaven Starbucks. Has guys and girls alike captivated. Complete strangers exchanging looks like "wow".
Slightly sunburned from today but all in all had a fun time at day away
thanks.. x
Pickup line from server at Cafe Coffee Day "Here's your lassi. Sweet, like you. Here's your sandwich. (Awkward pause) Like you."
Who's riding in Reach The Beach? Send your pic from the ride and get $10 in driving credit.
Yup, no, pairwise. The bar is not all that high.
what are the plans?
UP. No I dreww it brah!
Somebody left a lot of Pocky in the breakroom here. Score.
Drake & Josh is the best show
oh thank you!
RT : Show the world what a beautiful person you are. Let it shine. <-- Love this! Let's see all that radiant light ablaze!
50 years in business - pretty proud time for all of us @ Custom Art. Thank you all for everything!
NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC. (cont.)
Someone should have told me Paul McCartney was playing at Wrigley. I would have made different travel plans! omg
Joseph Conrad said, “The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary
So should we hit the Toyota Center for practice, or head over to you guys up at ESPN? Tips, advice?
Yeah, it's Jin. The MAIN character
much love to you and your family, Adam. We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
the 26!!!!! Only. That will be way better!
Haven't found a house in LB yet, but I am hopeful
#oomf always lets me down</3
buffalo to both :)
#IThankGod for waking me up every morning. I'm so thankful <3
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
and drink lots of 🍻
Ha ha! We thought we were gonna die on the way to Ciampino last summer. This man was insane!
i just realized i missed the oscarsss :(
Bono looks a lot like Corey Feldman on stage with Bruce and Patti Smith
do the mens heath abs diet. You'll definitely achieve that goal
Bye bye chicago, love the city but its just too cold ..... Going back to my beach house :D Miami
of course! Keep your eyes open for my recap out tomorrow afternoon!
Man be saying the realist shit
oh man, great idea I'm about to turn it on! The perfect jams to get you through a tough day! PS. we have a lot to catch up on!
Guess who turns 39 in a week? Hint... It's VERY classical... & it's VERY Pittsburgh!
true. The Internet is gospel. ;)
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see.
They'll make it the right time! <3
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Thanks, Sec. Duncan & Dr. Alonso, for coming out to play and for support of recess!
checking on Momma...and my Uncle.
looking forward to seeing Stacy's film too, we missed it at Sundance!
whadddafux are you doing? Hang out wif me!
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
Omg. I really need to start my Christmas shopping =(
Road trip to Dublin with my two best friends on Saturday. I can't wait for the change of scenery
a collective thought from all of us
I know right I think I bombed that test I'm Freaking out
“: You know you're crazy when....” I hang out with you all the time. Lol <3
Database showing names of recall petition signers, but not addresses, to be made public by Wis. elections board
Happy Mothers Day to all #Gardening Moms, Plant Nurturers, Pet Rescuers-Adopters, and All Caregivers - have a wonderful Sunday!
Two more weeks of school for me! Slowest weeks of my life...
... urethra into the bladder instead of being ejected externally from the urethra.
“Do not...keep children to their studies by compulsion but by play.” - Plato
So glad our crew from are back from #SXSW. Next time, we're sneaking into suitcases.
RT OK, the Internet is awesome. There is a out there doing gods work.
Lazy Saturday...
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers. ~Mignon McLaughlin
It's gonna be hard, but I gotta let him go </3
Just had a great meeting and visit with the retired teachers from Elkhart County. Thank you for serving students!
#GrnBz #If11: what if all consumer electronics were upgradeable? what if energy efficiency were the new granite counter top?
sorry I'm not all on ur cock anymore! Lol
Nighttime lap swimming at outdoor pool in December, steam rising off the water under the lights.
Will do!
i got there like ten minutes til close bc I hadn't eaten anything all day and all i could think was crawfish quesooooo
Hey AJB! Thanks for chattin' it up and the autographs today! Welcome to the Rose City,it was worth the coast switch!
Excellent marketing tactic. I believe that was their purpose...
What a day.. Got to be crafty, decorated a xmas tree, & got my dance on.. Also conquered a bull!! BAM whats next... 8-)
on may 15th our new television travel series debuts on pbs in the us. really excited.
"We have lousy data habits and are in desperate need of help" from a research scientist presenting at
THIS BOY RIGHT HERE SITTING NEXT TO ME TALKING BOUT SOME SEXY BIRDS I MEAN WHO DOES THAT
I didnt know it was your bday. Well happy bday beautiful
i'm at home..
Huge win for the Cats! Top 4 seed in the Big East tournament and a double bye...Everyone shut up about us being on the bubble
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
This is why I come to you.
Is dreaming of a common language today.
Glad to hear it's working.
This has been SUCH productive day.Must be the post-oscar buzz. Marketing lunch following an EM You are inspiring!
C'mon 4:30. I'm ready to go the gym...... talkin bout food smh
yea you do that lol
Thick juicy Lips Are Always BOMB.! ;]
Tonight will be a movie bonanza!
In the morning, sweeten your coffee/tea with stevia or truvia, which are all natural 0 cal sweeteners. Don't get artificial ones!
the pleasure was all mine!
RT : Q3: Buy a reusable coffee cup and start filling your calendar with purposeful conversation times
there not really looking for (serious rappers) basically there trying to sell a gimmick that they can put on tv
wtf it keeps saying I unfollowed you! like whenever i click ur page it has that follow button!
RT : Thx for inviting us to the 3rd annual babyshower event! & giving us the opportunity 2 share the gift of reading
Cause-marketing success: provides customers/employees an opp to join them in giving, support causes impt to customers.
it was good looks like all the players are in place now looking forward to the next episode.
I don't know. I'm of the mind that a Diablo-styled Silent Hill *might* be fun.
See the Weeping Meadow DVD for Angelopoulos telling the story of how Tarkovsky introduced him to Tonino Guerra.
lol 😘 why not
Creepy but cool, hope you use all of it!
I loved that line!
i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died
Sorry I missed the lovefest. It would be awesome if you could make it soon
“: Let's re-write history I'm filling in the blanks”.
Head down now to see our beautiful cinemascope print of '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
$200 for referrals
Hello Monkers. Happy Opening Day day.
Thirsty Thursday...thank goodness you are here!
Congratulations to pioneer on receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from Nat'l Assoc. of Black Journalists (NABJ).
I love my brown skin.
Im upset that "the game" only has 2 more episodes...
not sure. i picked wednesday so i can break up my week. if it happens it happens.
I've been debating putting a grey streak in my hair. :)
as in 'taint gonna happen.'
Only 4 more days until tribute airs on NBC at 8pm. Can't wait to hear Clinton's thoughts on AmeriCorps again
i dont have class tomorrow wohoo!!!
no shit(x
#IheartRadio app is cool, except when the commercials come on, and there's no commercial, and there's creepy music instead.
NEVER SAY NEVER ! :D <3 Just wanted to say Hi, and how's it going? (:
wrote: Daily I live to die in this life so that I may die to live in the life to come.
Not showing on zune, was is the rss address for those anti-apple people.
Actually in bed at 11:30 on my day off.
Congrats on the entrance - Looking forward to joining the discussion! /CC
My daugther, 8 1/2 yr old, Chloe is hosting a back to school sleepover for the 2nd year....80's themed...mom loves that but my nerves won't!
thanks! Should find out this week if I get in!
Got politics in your future? Don't miss Political Boot Camp on Sat, Oct. 15. Register by this Fri for discount. www.lawyersclubsandiego.com
No turn-key solutions for science, even major big data companies (Google/Facebook/eBay) all roll their own. Still have a ways to go
Raiders? Halfway through now, so great. Wonder if it'd get made today?
The email I just read was crazy
with my homegirl at #best of detroit party. who else is here??
close you mouth ;)
insightful thanks
Finding the median can work well when looking at teacher salaries.
I love Thomas' popping skills! He is a beast! (:
Yes, UW will rely on defense this year for sure. Offense has been inconsistent. Try to replicate Butler's success
didn't see the broadcast but you're one of the finest in sports broadcasting -- keep it up. A historic day for baseball!
Good VP Biden interview with Bob Schieffer now on CBS "Face The Nation." - JDG
What's your favorite sport?
The sky seems small if it is looked at the bottom of the well.
I honestly don't know. I was more in a Miles Davis mood at the time
Thanks to everyone that supported us in our Churro sale!! We sold out!
Playing Oberlin tonight w/the Tortoise. Miracle Condition, wow...
i feel lame cuz i wasnt hip to him earlier
#OneThingILove being a part of #SteelerNation =]
Driving my truck Lucy >
happy easter girl!!
ill text you in a min , im tryna get some info from gabby .
Olga Kay gave me a 10,000 calorie coffee and a 20,000 calorie chocolate croissant today. Am jogging in place as I Tweet this.
just finshed hiting them books time to hit them sheets fly or die <CAKE RESIDUE>
wanna snugg :D
I do, u just don't understand how I could understand
Mobb Deep fans had reason to worry back in April when a series of negative tweets from Havoc's account, directed at Prod
Hey look they all use a Mac, on a desk, exciting! Oh that guy has 2 bloody Macs. Wow!
Y'all need to go to bed!
Wow here at work and just hearing about Donna Summer...RIP
Somebodyy take me to Alabama >.<
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." ~Alan Kay
happy cinco de mayo to all u guys and the world lol
thank u, sweetie! Are u a Nashvillian too?!
It's like everyone is interested in sex know It's really wierd to me
Happy Thanksgiving!...hope everyone has a wonderful day with loved ones and friends..so blessed <3 <3
My life is so good right now 😊👍
Lazy Sunday watching The Godfather. 40 years later....still genius.
"Parents call in your children" is one of the silliest, most naive things I've ever heard someone say to end a riot.
« I love My followers ♥»
I also really wanna drive around bethel at midnight with and bro out. Taco Bell included
Nearly $6M in Idaho lottery prizes unclaimed
I take some clutch naps after school.
I just found out that gorilla warfare has nothing to do with "real" trained gorillas.
Smoltz signed another couple of cards for me. Cause he's awesome.
Android Device Returns Cost Operators $2 Billion Per Year
What the hell is Jennifer's body and why am I watching?! 😳
Helped manage a nonprofit event yesterday. More tired than I've ever been the day after my own events!
Yep!! Try living here!! Sucks!!
Is the ZICO from the OC Fair?
u alive? Haven't heard from you.
Breaking news: Tito Rojas and La India to perform live on July 8th at Milwaukee's lakefront Summerfest 2012 in Wisconsin.
Maintaining a Christ-like mindset is difficult during finals, can't let exhaustion cloud the cross.. Gotta keep going. To God be the Glory.
RT if ur excited for ocean city!! i am!!
Captain! Hawks live another game!!
Thanks for all the well wishes for my 1 year anniversary party. It was a huge success!
That's just the predictions, of course, I guess we'll have to wait and see!
Just had an idea. We should totally start working out together...
Drifting in this weather with
Ashley :D
Im too excited ... It finally happened!!!
Draft #1 of teaching philosophy is complete!
Weed in front garden – Suspect arrested after officers ID pot in yard
does this apply to charters? I'm assuming it does.
Crime Stoppers is temporarily unable to reply to DM due to the recent hack. I will respond later this evening. The account should now be OK.
feel better bud
Heading to guitar center to pick up some things then heading to redding
Thanks for following from a diehard Orioles fan! :)
My mom is truly an inspiration to me.
depending on the gifting friend's means, of course.
Watching Brewers and Badgers from Twin Cities. They're so jealous here
The BankSimple blog is the most disappointing in my RSS Reader. Always an exciting title, but the content is always a bummer.
In on a Friday night, studying wine. Oddly enough, not drinking any.
Funny watching all panelsts on "SEO for Bands" panel playing with their iPhones / iPads while the other panelsts speak.
Alas, Homi is farther from our new location than the old. But not that much.
Getting my babe Pick up Sticks
I still take a lot of things for granted...
sharing user context is what tracking cookies and mobile identifier exploits are seeking
You probably shouldn't be ungrateful in any way and you should probably learn to be a better person
RT - I want a los angeles kings and a new england patriots snap bacc
SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY i'm so lazy.
how u go it
I think you've been hacked.
Wallahi that bitch ass girl can go to fucking HELL
admiralty law, common law and the sovereign
yea , im bored !
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (heabt)
ah I knew it. Hit me on the hip.
Watching the sun rise..
To Work I Go.
Whoa, no kidding!
that sounds great! I'm actually going to be at SDM on Wednesday with a friend, and otherwise I'm next free on 4/10 & 4/11.
For the Class of 2012... We say "Never Stop Learning" some words of wisdom from Urban Flight Apparel TEAM.
Haha. Just ask to use the restroom.
- Ha! Ya, I am sure some of mine are spam too, but I don't want to worry about sorting... Will do lists soon though! :)
I wish I could have watched the rest, but my laptop broke again
D-wade is a bad mother fucker
uh yeah
All at my college if they wish to have any courses. I teach in my field 1-2 times per year.
By Carter Maness It's no secret that weed is a huge part of Wiz Khalifa's life, brand and music, but lately it seems to
There is most def a nice chill over the Northeast, hopefully fresh snow follows
stranded at school in the rain during a LAX game
What crawled up your ass and died ?
Breaking the ice, so to speak. RT #ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate - I need you to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
Chip Khan, CEO of is doing demo of new software solution Tue. 5/8 11:15 am ...Tweet to meetup
Pimpin' , then heading to and 's Cinco de Mayo fiesta! Ole!
So my mom is surprising me by coming to visit from Saturday to Thursday!...a little thrilled, a little not, lol.
you better!
and i bet 6 in 9 will offer to do dirty things with you BECAUSE of this tweet. ;)
Wow I'm honestly embaressed
i voted over 1234567890 times....can i get a follow back please....btw i LOVE you guys:):):):):)
Thank you very much for your vote and your support!
What is most disturbing? A) Twins' rotation B) Plouffe's hair C) Doumit's stache D) Butera on roster E) All of the above
RT : Got a haircut & straight razor shave last night at in the 3rd Ward. Highly recommend if you need a cut or shave.
she is just tired..she's fine
Awesome! “: Join Dollar Per Month with me. Make a small contribution each month and help change the world.
if you could only answer my Dms that would make my nifht better!!!
lalalalaaaa AVENGERS TONIGHT. finally getting in the loop
Satan is especially adept in taking out Christian leaders. - Michael Hyatt
Damn when the sixers play again
Oh my god he didn't.....l
I want to finally watch all the Harry potter movies. :c
Got 2nd it the 4X1 and 400m run. And third in high jump.
So....i hope everybody has a wonderful day in the hot sun!!
hey you, yes you, no not you!, you right there, yes you,!,......do you like tacos?
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
And someone fire up Maier on Alert Five. He's getting spot starts.
Gonna do a Q&A video on youtube. Send me some questions :)
man i gotta see if i can get Saturday off work so i can hang out with and
NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!
